[Music]
[Applause]
and with the note quickly I don't want the three
we lose
night and we went to sleep at 10
subtracting He gave it to repent another
time and we went we started to the moon
All night
[Music]
without you
I don't have the mind
that I don't want anything that isn't with you
[Music]
I have the mind I put all the friends
that I no longer want anything but you
[Music]
[Applause]
we started
[Music]
It's not funny what a young man is. Or yes, but it's not funny.
do it again hahaha
[Music]
very good night, very good family
nights Well I'm going to try I'm going to
try but it is very complicated
I would like to be dispatching today
direct quickly but it is complicated
because there are many topics there are many topics
Yesterday I also had some issues left but
Well
is that I was now in the intro
I eat too much I eat too much freaking out
because I was even talking to a
colleague doubting the veracity of
doubting the veracity of this
Greetings from the Dominican Republic
MX broke my heart as much as you did.
with the yt video
Let's see, but that interview had
to upload it on this channel that was on
the main channel and there are a lot of people
new there are many new people in this
channel in recent weeks and I think that
They deserved to know that interview that interview
that interview that the truth is mine
opinion I don't know if you will agree
but in my opinion that interview deserves
a lot more
That interview deserves much more in the
main channel I think it has like
half a million visits and that interview
deserves to have two million views or
three okay it was a very nice interview
very cool very good very pretty very pretty
I've been watching a little bit and listening
while I was preparing for the
direct and very cool very cool very cool
very cool, very cool indeed
Raul Thank you very much for watching today it turns out
how good in one of Javi's tweets
From the Little Rangers I wanted
give it back to him I don't know if you remember the
famous tweet from Little Rangel that
put a certain person
host
Do you remember Litten's tweet?
Ranger throwing [ __ ] at me, no [ __ ]
holy [ __ ] holy [ __ ] how strong
and I have put her captures with
Dallas is no less fortunate that it is starting to
see who was plotting and
manipulating the masses
I usually defend you up to a point
a point so that it doesn't have either
problems with isma
I don't want any bad vibes either.
We want an interview with Auron and that one
mic Hey, yes, that would be good.
update that interview no But oh well
you can't abuse that the only
interview that has given Well I think that
the only interview he has given in
Internet
It has been to me to ibai not even yet
gives it to Jordi So Grateful with
the one above
Let's see, Abby posted a tweet this afternoon.
Okay, and he said that everything is going to the
[ __ ] and open his only fan Okay when
we get into your onlyfan
Let's see, it's very heavy.
It's just that it's very heavy
There was a colleague who was telling me
That is to say, the photo that has been taken is very heavy.
placed on onlyfans
That is to say, he has posted the photo.
drawing that has been made and a screenshot of
audio screen with the Nazi symbol
here on the ground
and my friend uncle was telling me no
will it be her because of course later on
to put it she has written in yours has
position It's a joke xdd I'll make a video Give it to me
a little time to not say stupid things
and turn into Hulk
okay so you want to count to ten
and make the video very calmly
answering Dallas that I don't know what
you have little to answer no and
then this this I don't know what this means
image
I don't know what this image means
TRUE
Okay
nonsense has already said it Yes totally
and now
Yes yes I have deleted it I have deleted it I have
deleted it deletes it very quickly
But what did it say?
He said, Eat, I was sure that yes
let's see let's see let's see Wait
Wait Wait
Good afternoon, I must take this opportunity to
tell you that you are tremendous and that in the future
the gossip will be well seen after
everything only exposes the bad things
Thanks friend, a hug
how strong Let's see wait or it is
here watching the live
is here watching the live stream
Eat this Javi, that is, he is here watching
the live
and put a gift there with
dedication
It's not her but how come it's not her
They slipped you a tripe, they slipped it to me.
similar good that seemed
that's what it seemed
how strong
but of course there are people who are saying
Carol has put uncle I can't again
He put it back on, I can't share it
That's fine, but it goes further, it goes further.
there
goes further
goes beyond worth it
If you give the profile here to more
information look at what you have put
a kiss Alex
Look what he put here
Monistrol of Montserrat
back with monistrol, back to see me
I sincerely believe
I have my theory but let's wait for it
see where the video that makes comes out
That was really good, the truth is
We haven't eaten it with potatoes either.
I say we ate it with potatoes what?
We do it right but it's terrible
It's terrible in tweets, not in tweets anymore.
They've banned us, no, no, it can't be done.
be so fast no
Okay, no, no, we'll be back, we'll be back, but
very strong no clear because they were me
saying
They were telling me that maybe
another person has taken the @ sign. But
that doesn't fit me
If it's her that without shame no no let's see
the aunt is
So the aunt is like that
The aunt is like that, she was with me because I
A colleague is saying, "Well, but
It can't be that look you'll see what I
were saying
A colleague was telling me that he can't
could it be that she first put the link
but then
but it doesn't add up to me, he says, look, no
You think she put the link and
then later someone who has his
user has posted the photo and so on
no no no no Or is this photo and
This Avatar has been put by her and the
She has also put Monistrol on it
because you will be talking to someone who knows what
What do I tell you?
As for Monistrol, you already know where they're going.
I haven't tried it but I couldn't stand it.
not even 10 minutes
continue to trample on someone who is in
the floor and share a mattress with her
It does the same, people are very angry
with this eh
is that she is not or is this there some
shape
is there any way she could have put
the link and then
someone has taken the account and has
I posted the photos because I can't find them.
way That is, if she has created the
onlyfans account
then what he has done has been
that is her Javi let him turn around but
It's that it's heavy, eh, it's very heavy
I mean, it's very heavy that I take it
If you create a profile, put this photo on it.
put this banner
and I put here the monistrol of
Montserrat uncle
Let's see, seeing everything we saw yesterday
It's not like it takes me by surprise either.
So yes, I do believe myself perfectly.
that is her Of course it is her no it is not
What do you think? I think my innocent
colleague who was
[Music]
the one who was thinking theories
In case it wasn't her, but man, what people
They are bad bad bad eh Don't spit with
Twitch but I think I missed something
spicy
Thank you very much Rey, you are people.
bad bad
They are bad, bad people
yesterday Dala unmasked her and that is what she said.
Yesterday in Dallas was tremendous
yesterday's Dala was an outrage
an outrage
His mask fell off but for the one who wore it
had a mask to see if it could be seen
come in one go But how bad No what
bad people no
You forgot about Aurondin not in Ron
change auron for the guy with the mustache and
It was a meme years ago. Look it up and you'll see.
meme a shop can you explain it to me
Please I know it says English text
but
auron Deep Nothing work what is it
means
But
What bad people, right?
Look and from time to time it puts the
I'm refreshing the page and from time to time
when as you are seeing that we are here
live
from time to time he puts his penis
Auron did nothing wrong and puts the
symbol I don't know my mother
my mother
what people is an old meme but not
I understand that meme I don't understand the meme and
about Monistrol de Montserrat there I already
you've said it all
There you have already told me everything if you only knew
the amount of accounts there are with El Monitor de
Montserrat in the bio
The Nazis have a topic to see. It's happening to me.
explaining marios the nazis have a
topic that is Adolf Hitler was right
The English say Hitler did nothing
Oh okay, let's go, Nashe is calling.
now it's okay, okay
what a bunch of people, man
how strong
Of course there are people who are
this seems too heavy
Having reached this level, of course not.
It's in Squid Games
But they leave it in the ski games. Well, yes.
they are going to leave her
I mean, but look at the hypocrisy of
Twitch which is already more or less today
We were already closing the circle of
Who works at Twitch and what are they like?
the people responsible for Twitch
and now I can see how things are going, so to speak.
literally when they explained to me and
I have been introduced to each one and I see them
shots Come no and they will leave this if the
They are going to leave of course, so take a look
notice who generates toxicity and who
they are bad
Look at what Augustine has done.
We are going to see it now too and those who
Twitch bans them from playing an event
I hope they take her off the skis. I don't think so.
I don't know, they've even seen him in the first place
They wouldn't have even put her in first.
it would have been logical
but
It's that it's heavy. So Sacra la
account
messing with Auron
has put the monitor thing there
just when we started the live
The girl is in there and gives us a
penis so that we get banned
How bad and so it is in the cuit good it is
Twitch, that tweet is totally good.
It still serves to say that it was a
social experiment
such is the hypocrisy of those who are
up on Twitch and friendships and so on
what happens
friendships and so on
let's see what I was seeing
ideologically the people who rule in
tweets are different from us okay
Let's leave it like this but let's go
Likewise, I believe that ideologies are
They have to respect each other and let everyone be
critical of what you want and have the
position you want but from there to put it
tripping and censure of the golden mouth
and logistics 51 in the quid And Javi out
XD That's right, fox, so it's not because
I'm out Look, let me be that I
I'm out because there are a lot of people who
Javi says, accept it. Don't cry, okay? Come on.
I'm not out that I'm very toxic
Uncle South
Uncle South out
and these people inside
They are bad people
It's that they are bad people
You can report your profile Yes but for
what are you going to report onlyfans profile and
She doesn't believe it, just pass on the grace
today but bad people
bad people bad people that way things will go well for them
so far things are going well for him
Many times bad people play it
good
Yes, it is true that there are people who are
that has crossed any limit and
you know what I'm telling you
and the boyfriend doesn't say anything to him, the boyfriend is
a puppy next to her
the boyfriend is a puppy, but now
with putting monistrol there
Montserrat
There you have already told me Everything, man, why not?
is the first person to put in a
Montserrat Monitor account
fabric
Comanche would have to get serious with
this topic and defend auron by taking out
this failed event
Well, spam Comanche and send him this.
and what about Agustn is good
It's that with what Agustn Mira did before
see what's in Beijing let's see what's in
Agustn in fact, that is, what Agustn does is
Agustn's is tremendous, it's tremendous that
We didn't see it in full yesterday because I already
I was dying of sleep because we had sex with him
Dala video you know we have some
days a week that does not give us time to
deal with all the topics but the thing about
Agustn was tremendous yesterday, or rather, not even 24.
hours and the guy creating toxicity is worth it
We've already seen this if there is anyone who
wants for the screen to read it, okay?
He threw [ __ ] at him or whatever
The guy wanted to be like everyone else
He was highlighting the hypocrisy of
to get into a place that you have
criticized so much and who has thrown
So much [ __ ] and not just this guy
of the event but to its creators it is worth
Comanche hit him with a newspaper
The duck also hit him on the snout.
Big newspaper, we already read this yesterday, okay?
if you want
stop the video and read it on the screen
Okay, but then the guy wanted to be like
justify literally has been created a
UFO for van
no no it has not been created to read them as for
mess with Auron and Dallas
Okay until people understand that my
tweets were not to belittle the
work of no one, neither Auron nor Run
nor Ko but to clarify Why
any Twitch creator who doesn't
breach any regulations and be taken
Cool with people who can participate
no problem no
You can participate without any problem, say
who creates the event or in a non-O plan
be no it is not about any
creator of tweets that does not violate
no regulations and it is carried out equally with
People, no, it's not about that, Augustine.
Those people were not brought in by Comanche or
Rubius put it on Twitch, that's why auron
does not want to participate
you know it's his [ __ ] event and he's in the
[ __ ] [ __ ] the event right now
auron if you're watching this dude
speak up
pronounce yourself in some way or be a
such a beautiful and lovely thing of the year
past
and that it is so corrupt right now
bringing in such bad people
now the event cannot be cannot be
Nor call the squid games because
Twitch has said that you can't call
because he doesn't want problems with Netflix
when they paid last year
rights to be able to name it
This Auron has to put a hand in here
This guy has someone I don't know.
Who put it in, I don't know if it's a
I agree with Gref or what the hell is it?
but any partner who does not fail to comply
the regulations not because Ricky Edin and
Javier Iveira and Uncle Shuri do not comply with the
regulations you know this not to say who creates
the event who finances it more charge
within the development it is not to screw
the inventors
the idea in roblox as he says Hahaha It's
to show the little kids how small they are
that there are many people involved and that
They should enjoy more and insult less
They don't know how to write the colleague
They are trying to get rid of Auron at all costs
Coast but at the same time they send these
irrelevant failures who every day
If they do worse, in the end they will be left with nothing.
as what they are
Thank you so much
I think Auron is going to reappear.
by surprise when the release of the
squid games is my theory he doesn't me
has said nothing
I haven't even asked him either
but the theory I have is that he goes
to return by surprise when when the
squid game but let's play with
these people man
We would have to see if they would eat
reacted like this to such a tweet
harmless with mine with mine they have us
sign up kid if the account that
tweeted would have been another but for
This would require a change in reality and
That's not possible, let's talk, Pea.
man what you're showing me
That is basically what it is
demonstrating Augustine in this whining is
who has a bad feeling about the creators of
the series
has a bad feeling about the creators of the
series
Comanche are already fighting with
ale4 has posted a series of tweets
also ale4 who does not agree with
that the series finally had a bad
roll that already happened yesterday I'm not going to do it
comment today because we have already been left
back but has literally brought the
Toxicity Hi Javi, I've been seeing you since
that I entered the ESO now I am about
you have helped me get into college
I have been in bad times a lot
undergoing many medical treatments
for Chronic depression and I have been
admitted to the hospital for a
time Thanks to you that time is gone
did more
What's wrong with the sound, you guys?
You listen well, you must have little
life to dedicate yourself to this kind of things
with all the evil should stop him
feet directly to pray publicly is
a disgrace
Don't tell me your name is Pilar Muchas
Thank you queen, don't tell me that I have
spoiled
the uncle speaker
It sounds good, that is, they are my speakers
that they backfire like crazy guys. They're new and
They are very good to see
you'll see I'm going to put it through
here
to
see another one flexing his biceps Agustn 51
Augustine 51 my mother how many times are they going to
Found Augustine in Squid Craft 2
serious question in all that lasts
series, so I know he's going to try
not to be founded but in the end these things
They come out alone, it's like our time.
I think that Agustn is going to come out founded two
Sometimes it is his fault and other times it is not.
so much but you also understand the enemy
colleague present Ah well of course Agustn
has already had the first foundation is
true it has already started it has already started yes
It's true that you're telling me that.
started to start Well then now and I
they announce they announce the time has come for me
in which they announce me and I look at the
chat and the chat Agustn like this damn
idiot is inside the games of the
squid if this one deserves decapitation
In the square I was already freaked out, I say I'm going
It's going to rain on me, it's going to rain on me, it's going to rain on me
I have not done anything, I am going to open the
umbrella because it's raining on me
razors the razor effectively a
pile of daggers and machetes stabbing each other
They had only announced one series to me in the
which can I participate I am eligible because
There are many people who say no. You take it.
bad with auron I don't get along badly with Auro
what has been said a million times
for criticizing the events after
finish it and don't tell logistics 51
nothing Okay daughter yes but look what has happened
Javi is late, it's a riot, the enemy is here
within the game
There is no one openly right in the
cuit
there is no one no
clear
Look, I'm not going to get into that.
because I don't want problems with the either
platform is worth it
but yes it is like that but apart from the guy
Look how long it took to bring it.
toxicity nor 24 hours Because of course the
people are accusing him of what
what the hell is he doing in there
auron should manage its events and
set the same conditions as Jordi
Wilde has set for the next evening
There is a very good short on his channel
Thank you very much king, thank you very much
you know what I'm telling you, or rather the guy what
He doesn't want to, that is, he wants to get involved
squid eggs for pure interest
but he doesn't want people to throw it at him
in face
the things he has spoken about this
people and these events
So
I have asked for forgiveness and he has accepted.
you forgive them like two normal people
and currents I am 22 years old
when I said some stupid thing or another
I was 19, dude, like, it doesn't matter, it's just that
right now it has been said recently
Worse is that after that the lady is Avis
will come out saying that she was not like that
This Agustn said that he did not mean
what he clearly said This is
They take advantage of the fact that Auron took some time
to throw it, let's hope it's soon
better and go out and put these in your
place as Bee Gees already said
Let's hope at least I'm going to have it, I'm going
to pass the [ __ ] because with
absolutely everyone who has
announced I get along well will say No but
you can bring a series where it is
involved auron Why Otherwise it doesn't happen
nothing if you want to live in that pit
infinite ultra mega deep 38 million
of meters in which I cannot leave
Well, give it a go. But the reality is
objectively, I don't have any type
of problem with anyone right now of the
series currently I think I don't have
problems with anyone, that is, with anyone. Look
How strange because I am Andalusian
transparent the things I say can
be
What Agustn and Abby do is not a reason
of ban
I don't know, let's see what Avi has done now.
you mean
The trolling that has happened now could
be a reason for a ban
I mean because of course she She is
companion of the platform and has done
that with the intention of getting me banned
not me
you would have to see that, right?
You would have to see that not to the south
example they banned him because
What Ivan did was that when
We were looking at the account.
that has been created from Orly
seeing that he was here live has
put a little gift with a phrase Javi
take it so you can eat it or something like that
to get me banned on Twitch
that can't be done
report in some way or that is not it
would be reportable
It made me feel bad and I had to apologize
a million times but today I don't
I don't get along with anyone and well then there was
players who had their answers
Welcome to the series have a good time
very well and there were other players who were
What is this guy doing? Here we go.
incinerate it among all take out the
triggers take out the shovels we are going to kill
What the hell are you doing here, this guy?
I think that beauty is not like when it arrives
a new kid should be reportable to
see I don't know I know that the guy chur for
example they banned him for something that was
as you super know
It wasn't me who did the Lifans thing, it says in the
tweet
[Laughs]
Oh, always the same.
always the same
new class no matter how many bugs there are
committed in the past is that it feels
caught and
I poured it well but of course they normally don't pass
these things because little children don't
It makes sense that it's not her or that it's that
Onlyfans has been created to do the
joke in a few tweets and then it has
closed the account and has given time to
that the account be deleted and that another
person takes the same user link no
It could be that
That is to say, that cannot be
that can't be, that's a lie
it just can't be
So she has created the account but
then to close the account you will have to
wait a few days no
and now he has deleted the tweet where he put
the only one
crybaby 51 is not racist but he imitates it
Mexican accent and speaks of machetes
Well, that's not like that. That has nothing to do with it.
racism that's a joke within the
context of the films and the
roles and some characters. That is, no
goes against the rules of the
community
is causing non-compliance with the
rules showing content Let's see, find me
the norm exactly and go because yes
that
Send it Ivan Send it yes
Send it Ivan Of course because let's see
realize that it's not my fault, that is
I am not to blame for what happened
So they ban me.
It would be great but no, no, I don't have one.
blame for what has happened
it has been done by someone else and not one
person you say it wasn't you without
They will ask you if you are fake. No.
It's not that they haven't asked him, it's that
is watching the live stream
is that he is watching the live show
also put in the photo Javi takes to
that you eat it
that is and just has put and when we have
started saying that it was bannable or
Be you realize that she deserves it
the ban is her of course
You can't. I mean, it's not my fault.
What is my fault? I am seeing here a
something that is newsworthy
and she was on purpose being on the live show
I put it there, I can't help it.
I can't help it
to which love is that as Twitch takes and
I banned myself instead of her, that is.
It would be incredible on Twitch's part.
It would be for us to put ourselves in the
office door and make a real mess
fat
I can't avoid what has happened is
as if I'm looking here right now
Agustn and Agustn suddenly
Imagine if this was live and
Agustn suddenly gets up and
I'll take out my tail, I can't do it
avoid understand that people comply with the
rules
or what Abi has done just now
For me, what breaks the rules is
she
find me the rules Ivan Find me the rules
rules we are going to report this now
I have nothing to lose
But we are also going to put it in
tweet on Twitter and we're going to tag
Twitter Spain
Let's see, it's literally you, what do I do?
It's my fault how do I avoid that?
I can't help it
We are very small and we do things that
later we regret this what
It happens that the kids are 12 or 13
years see that they have announced so-and-so
They say I have nothing to do with
So-and-so deserves death
we're going to denounce him and you see that the kid
has not done anything but there are 20 trying to
Whoever uses Twitter to make them
from Spain they put obstacles in your way
Of course that's what we have to do
man that's what we have to do
We report on Twitch but not on the
Spain
Well, Perez is saying, son of a [ __ ]
that should be cremated and I
I should make a line to endine me
with her [ __ ] ashes what is she doing here
He dies now, I hope he dies first and
I hope he commits suicide, I said, it occurred to me
an idea has occurred to me an idea to
Try to reduce the hate, that's what I thought yesterday.
At night before dinner I said to myself
an idea has occurred to try
reduce the hate, pay attention to the idea that arrived
If we invented a time machine and
I would take it right now to go back
high time and say Augustine
and jump like this to take away the little churrita mobile phone
the nonsense this money talks about
true I before the nonsense that he talks
This kid came up with an idea
to avoid hate
that this boy no longer has with
these things
puts you piece of [ __ ] and put a
slap the idea was to make him see the
Minecraft community to the community of
Aura to the community that basically
the series is very big or rather They
They are locked into the idea of
a Karmaland-like Minecraft series
such and such type that has a founder
a founder and a creator and that is the one
boss And then like the whole
world has to praise that person and
Whoever enters there has to owe everything and
your mission to that person is something that
many of you do not agree
because the people who consume me
People who listen to this will have children.
little ones There will be older people Then they will
I came up with the idea of showing in a
tweet uncle that the people involved
in the squid craft games 2 is
a lot, that is to say, but a lot of levels
that there will be dozens of people Agustn to
What was happening to you was that you were
throwing people away because you are a fake and
a hypocrite
that you do have a problem with Auron
that you have started to say everything
auronplay always except last week
with the funa that there is you discounted Because already
I knew you were going to come in Meli Muchas
thanks And what was happening to you was that
People were throwing it in your face
clips where you said that the series
These were crap that they were from children
rats and that you were not interested in that
audience but now if you are interested in that
audience because you're in [ __ ]
Javi Look at the new tweet he posted
Abi says that Lonely is not her anymore
we have seen it we have seen it but
Come on, if it's her, of course. That's how they get me.
I want to give him a lollipop and he'll shut up
No no, but he wants to convince us.
that he is you and has put it for
reduce toxicity I don't know what not you the
you and you put it because people
I was pointing out how fake you are
and the clips of you messing with Auro and
with the series this one and that you are not interested
and I don't know what
It is not right that a kid who is a fan of
Someone say it's not that this series is from
My idol is my idol and he has had
a rif Rafa Connect So let's go
37 people go to tell him evil things
I haggled horribly I drafted it in
a way that can be misinterpreted
If you have a bad day, basically Leo
remember that squid games is what it means to be this
which is being celebrated now and which is
celebrates last year is an event made
that is, manufactured because it has to
there is a company or a group of people
or an individual in this case the project
It's so big that I think it's Euphoria
find out that Euphoria is many people and
only responsible for creating the event or
whatever is here I think nothing bad and
funded by Twitch because Twitch
also put pasta here put money
basically then it also has
quite a bit to do with creation
with the creation of the Squid Craft games
It makes me very sad that many people don't
truly know Who they are
creators and attribute it to their
favorite creators who help
enormously
you will clean up the internet garbage
fake streamers and youtubers big boss
Long live Betis, a kiss
This one never worked, he had no boss in his
life
so that it reaches the maximum audience
believing to have power over those who do
Those who cannot participate in
different
liot with different community issues
exactly Mario says so that you
accept the onlyfans you have to prove your
Identity with DNI is true, it is true
because I have a friend who I made
the only fan is true is true is
true Marius it is completely true
To be accepted on onlyfans you have
that
demonstrate with ID
your identity
It's true Marius
It's true because a friend did it to her
and you won't believe why they will accept our ID.
and you wouldn't believe how they would take our ID
Auron's brother
the presumption of innocence I don't know but
that you are more foolish than to dig up your
grandfather to give a hug to a fact
[Laughs]
uncle
liar the profile the profile is always
the same one as the liars
the profile of liars is always
himself
a while and remember that friend Javi one
My friend created an only fan account.
that in the end it was not executed
had
would have promoted it
If it were up to me, I would have continued on.
Ah, it's that he has deleted, he has deleted the
Lonely link
to delete the Lonely link but the
would have promoted what happens is that
I didn't give her any stick, she's a friend of mine not only
the DNI Now you have to make a
facial identification and has to
correspond to the image of the ID yes yes
yes yes yes it was very complicated if we
I remember that we were there, we started it
to do on the street from your mobile phone
from his mobile and we had to go up to
home and I already did it here on the computer
This was ago I was already in the other one
floor
yes yes yes yes yes literally yes if I
I believe the lifan to my friend and I know how it is
did and all that stuff
I don't remember the account name if
I didn't say it because she gave herself a nickname
he gave himself a nickname
Javi the other day I went with my wife and daughter
I was going to see Disney on Ice and I remembered
I hope you come one day B CN to
see it spectacular but it was a day
Barcelona, not because they sue me
not catching lies proving the
The truth is that flexed biceps
Liars always have the same
boss man and they don't stop lying
life that you have to use ID photo for
what it has to be Abi can't do anything else
person put their ID and photo
how another person was left? Enter your ID
photo meaning that another person believes his/her
ID
that another person believes his ID
That is, with your ID another person can put
a false identity
And how did she know the link of
that other person who has created the
account
Let's see clearly Yes, I can take and create myself
some onlyfans and call myself Abi
but what would be a bit of a coincidence
is that Abby put at the same time
that link
on your Twitter family don't give it a second thought
It's her
don't do gymnastics, it's her
That's going to be legendary from A Show No Yes
you want no if you are at the link Now you know
put a picture of you and your name yes
Do you want me to send you the link privately?
enters the browser history
Let's see. They just sent it to me.
Yes, Javier Oliveira has put it and it has been
I posted my bald photo
Oh my God, Abby is hurt, eh Abi?
You don't take it the wrong way because it says okay
This guy is reminding the
people that Speed Craft game 2 is a
event created by many people and that does not
Let's not attribute the whole event to one
person and that the fandom is not idolatrous
a person like the creator of
this event because then that makes
Being so small, they are very young children.
little ones then say No you can't
participate but let's see that this
kid has had a run-in with
This with another we are all also
worse than vinegar
in bad bad people are bad bad people
people we have an opportunity to
participate in this for Agustn that you
It's not that you can't participate because
you have had a disagreement with Auron
You can participate wherever you want
I mean, I can say that iPhone is a
[ __ ] [ __ ] and then I like it
New iPhone 14 and I bought it
The problem is that what you have said
until a few weeks ago it was
that this series was crap and that you
They didn't need them because they were children's
rats and you can create the only and put it
with a clever nickname but not having it linked to him
to his official Twitter in a fake way XD
Don't give it a second thought, it continues. I'm
I can create some links and put a
nickname because I'm not going to use my name
real As my friend did not what you
I'm counting that she didn't put on her
name she got [ __ ] is that I don't
I don't agree with how Maria Campos got
agreed to give himself a name, we took a couple
of famous people and we created the name
Okay and
Calling the photo was her with a wig
but that the link has not been
she shared on her Twitter
and no one has time because they take a long time
24 hours to verify it with your ID and
as an app that verifies you
It does like a facial verification and no
has given her time to eliminate the
account and that at the moment another person takes it
person who has not given time thanks
for those five subs
[Music]
wonderful series that is going to be amazing
We're not going to have a great time with
I'm all about the people who
currently I don't have any
problem with no one what about what about me
as I have no problem with either
I find Auro [ __ ] great.
with my jeans and I find her a [ __ ]
I don't even meet Juan with her mother
[ __ ] mother because I currently today in
day I have no problem with anyone
even with Comanches Comanche takes the
tweet that I put trying to do
see communities of children very
small that there are many people involved
in the series and that is why I believe
and I think they can't say this is
the creator of the series Then You Don't
You can participate simply to
free the community from so much hating
because there were people walking Comanche cree
that what I'm doing with it
tweet is believe and I understand it because it is
very misinterpretable, taking away credit from
he to Auron and Rubius
I wasn't calling him
baboon to the Peruvians but that
Peruvians
when she posted the tweet the link
It gave error 404 after hours this came out
count but you're right that it's weird
that in less than five hours they verify
the check
that you don't give it so much thought, really or
I don't know if you want to find like a
It's not worth it, it's already in trend
a few hours the topic of Avi and
she tweeting
making light of the things that
They were telling him and such and just when
we have been live after
do the dick thing and we have
started saying that they can ban her
when he went on Twitter to deny it
yes there was an account in the link
I'm going to tell you literally, okay?
I was in the bathroom
sitting
fiddling with Twitter
and they just sent me the tweet look what
Abi has put that which is about Loli and
behind he put
When I entered the link it didn't go anywhere.
side Then it would be that they approved the
profile in less than a few hours no
I was in the bathroom and they sent me
the tweet and it was like half an hour or less ago
that had published it
Okay
and I hit only fans out of sheer hard work
professional worth or simply for
to contrast the information is worth it
let's see what sounded
everything is very strange to see entering the bathroom
doing things like a person with an illness
Crohn's, eh, guys. Okay, but no, no. O
They literally sent me to tweet
and when I clicked on the link no
I still had the drawings or at least
The one from Avatar didn't have it, the name is fine.
Yes, I had it the same as now and also
I realized because I had the
little green circle As if it was in
line
As if it was online or the
tell me if what you are saying existed
people who get an error I don't know what
I don't know how much it is because in some
devices such as a page for
adults and such, then he sends you like a
notice and you have to you have to
unconfigure something so that you don't get it
I blocked the browser, okay, but the account
the account was
The account is there from the first moment
Don't try to rummage around and give it a spin
and I don't know what it is Javi okay And it's very bad
person but he is a very bad person
all the senses have put that Avatar
has put that banner telling him in Asia
auronplay and he did the trolling thing to me
okay, I mean no, don't turn it around and
puts a super defensive tweet
pissed off telling me no wrong
incorrect the what incorrect the what if
What I have put is literally the squid
game has been created by euphone Studio or
you created Comanche now I'm going to you
say what values you have been that is
incredible and I have put it next
tweet that I don't know why you didn't do it
read or to know
for work you have to look at it Chad as
amourant XD
There we already have a vision problem
I mean, if you're going to compare me to Mulan
Conavi, there we already have a problem.
vision eh Because he put it up I said
Comanche is a boss for organizing
also those things because you are
organizer and you have organized everything and it is
a crazy job and the creators who
gave ideas for the first event and
helped, that is, being your friends Rubius
auron and with colleagues from the community
They are also very responsible for the event
and that have helped it to move forward
You know I don't understand what I've had
of bad, I mean, I don't believe that I have
made a tweet to try to lower a
little toxicity that you leave of stories
and of silly children that you have not put
the tweet to try to lower a
toxicity or anything Yes, give it a touch
Twitter you already know papu XD Let's see no no
I want to take you for a fool, child
you have not tried to lower any
toxicity you create toxicity with
Every time he speaks in your mouth you know that
Open your mouth and you create toxicity for not even 24 hours.
and has already generated a bad feeling in the
event okay you haven't had a dick in
no time with your friend's event
Greg to say that he hasn't done it Greg and
that a company has done it
not you what you wanted to imply
to people what you thought was Comanche
I wasn't going to read the tweet But what you
you wanted to imply was that the
event is not from auron that the event is
of Euphoria and Twitch and that's why you
You can go because it is an experience worth it
It takes onlyfan 72 hours to verify your
account
Ah because I was watching a little bit of
toxicity and I say at least on my part
I don't want there to be so much toxicity and I
Comanche has come telling me No I
I am the creator and you are not being
competent with what you say let's see
What I said is real is a factual event
by Euphoria and funded by Twitch is
a reality
Euphoria makes the Twitch event
I finance it, it makes me feel a little sorry
that many people don't know
Truly Who are the creators?
he the creators for me when I was
tweeting I understand that it is not understood
So that's why I come to ask for forgiveness too
and I have asked forgiveness from
Comancha dilemma includes all
creators there yes included them all
but I'll say hello Abi since you're here
pending take off the cold filter
potato face
I want to feel your body Stay the
cold filter means a little bit
a Plus to the [ __ ] company that does the
[ __ ] map that is incredible and to Twitch
which is the company that finances it
It's also amazing that he plays a role
essential for people to see that they do not
It's a series that comes from someone And now
It is there so that it doesn't rain hating at the
people kids really that I have
made with the best intentions in the world
for a child who is 12 years old to say
Oh okay, it's a very big series. Well.
nothing Comanche has done there is one
incredible comanchada and it has been
I've been hit with a lot of hating.
mind-blowing because on top of that the people who
follow accounts like Comanche and
who answers you already know how they are and funar
and I understand that I should poke Agustn Jones.
I understand because I am Augustine and that is what
My question is whether Comanche by
example he would have taken it so badly if
has become a person
different me
Here you are again bringing [ __ ]
Here he is hating again
because here what you are saying is that
Comanche is a fake
Here what you are saying is that
comacho is a fake and what if there were
It was someone else who put it instead of having
instead of you he would have kept his mouth shut
You are a troublemaker and you create bad vibes.
where you go you are toxic you are toxic
None of the gossip channels that are
They have been left out and are more toxic than you.
So don't bother me.
family if you want to tell me
because I know that I am more
conflictive or more quarrelsome or more like
you want it's fine, it's useful to me and you tell me
Well Ricky Eddy is worth it because he criticizes the
feminists I don't know what good is worth because
They are all feminists who work in
Twitch but the south guy or rather you are
saying that Uncle South
more toxic than this guy and that guy
South has been left out
that Uncle South has been left out and
This one is not inside please no there is one there
person who talks to people who
has a hand in Twitch and that has
trust with the people who work in
Twitch has asked for this this and this
out
Okay
I don't think so. I mean, I don't think so.
I think my tweet is really like
I understand that it is misinterpretable but
to the point of telling me the
the atrocities he put me through to get me to
an entire community against him when he
It's the barbarity that he put me through
the barbarities that are not are not the
the atrocities that he put me through, he knows how hard
which is to be in a situation where the
people hate you for hating you because
Comanche knows it, so there was one
season where Comanche hated him for
hating him is not that I dislike him. Well then
If you don't like him, don't watch it, you idiot, and I
There I felt very empathetic with Comanche
but it would never occur to me to say anything to him
because I know that there are very young children who
they would literally say mean things to him
Uncle sorry to Comanche for
misinterpret it but I also want to
make my intention clear with the tweet
Comanche's tweet what causes are
many tiktoks, many atrocities
There is the problem that you have with the
bump
Oh oh they're going to throw at Haitian Oh De
This kid is true, huh?
Go [ __ ] yourself now I see it more
It turns me black, I have half the clip left
I'm sorry there are really places that exist
I've been collecting this but I'm
turns black
more stupid uncle nor more stupid uncle right?
I got black eh the last thing that
Comment here for real and come with proof
and everything is already erased
dumbest person shorter than the
Jordi Wiley's vests listen to me
selling today in his live when you see it click
Augustine's On The Squid Games
Alonso a kiss welcome Hey remember you
to everyone
you have me up to my balls
that you can become a member damn it's already
Ivan posted the link fixed in the
chat you are not seeing it you are blind
The link is pinned in the chat for
be a member 5,000 people because not
There are 5,000 members Christian Christian you
You're renewing because the [ __ ] you're giving it to
little button to make it sound is
renewing it you think I'm stupid
I don't see it
to be a member
Yes, I've heard nonsense about selling here.
today in his live show watching the clips of
Augustine on the Squid Games
He said he couldn't post tweets like that.
to criticize an event because it is ugly
say that about the creators of the event
Celine
first time I applaud you in my life
daughter, look what I'm going to sell you
that you are from Seville look look what
I'm going to put selling on you and I'm going to put it on
here to put it on you today every time you
deserve it look
[Music]
[Applause]
How beautiful you are, more than the Queen of
Holy Tuesday You are beautiful
beautiful queen let's see her let's see her
let's see it let's see it
Let's see what he said, what is this?
Remember that Squid Craft game is a
event made by Euforia and financed
on Twitch but it is an honor for me to be here
inside since I am on the internet
Thanks a little sorry that many
people don't know the truth too
he broke my computer
Juan Pablo Thank you friend
I want and what do I do with Chrome?
has broken
It's broken, uncle, what do I have to do?
reinstall it update what i do for
fixing it takes all day
giving me favorite tellers that helps
I usually learn their faces. Thanks.
or who cannot participate due to
different communities Chileado for a while
Remember that this is going to be legendary.
A Show
true love wrong love This
It's an event of auron rubios and mine that
The project arose from a fail in Roblox
It's not euphoria, we love to work
with them but this without any problem
we can do it one day
Agustn may be the person who is worse for me.
The whole internet is left to see the chat.
This document is really a bit ugly.
I don't know, [ __ ], they just invited you
squid games in which there are like
100,000 people who would like to be
in there you start to say
I don't know, crazy, this comment isn't ugly.
crazy, the truth is you don't have to put
that crazy Enjoy the event is already
because I don't know your comment about the
TRUE
But this time he said it out of ignorance and
be it is a topic
[Applause]
Queen Celi What a queen
Don't talk, you see. But it continues.
with Augustine, that is, it continues with Augustine
He continues with Augustine and just said
notice how the issue of falsification is
These people continue with Augustine
51 and has just said that Augustine may be the
person I dislike the most on the internet
follow Thank you very much
Javi has given you a new profile on
Twitter How come he put a new one on me?
profile on Twitter to fix it put it
in the sun You already know how
what what I referred
Twitter has deleted the tweet that is
false than false
what a lie, man
you know [ __ ] if you have no [ __ ] idea how
It goes how the event is created and where it comes from
born or anything don't talk on Twitter you know
There must be a [ __ ] It's like I'm
Ignorant, I say that the Oasis are good.
Ah, I was ignorant, I didn't know bro.
It's that you have the nonsense sometimes
Chat has zero crazy ass
No, but like damn it's like if I say that.
and you came but you didn't give it to her, ignorant, bro.
There are things that should not be said and
There you go, I think it's a tweet for
justify that you are going to be part of a
event that has created auron that is
founded right now but it is not only
It was created by Auron who is also
Rubius is stuck there and has no idea what he is doing.
ball like I don't know
I don't know that chat, I don't know, it's that
amazing
that people like Misandie and Celine
wet like that and people like
ibai
have horchata in your veins, dear
smiling with cold sweat
40 subscribers to reach 256 thousand
subscribers on Javier Kaneo 40
subscribers okay that apart from those who
you are becoming members 40
subscribers who are now going to
subscribe and we reached 256,000 vouchers
40 subscribers that you are right now
Seeing this, you click the button right now.
subscribe or I'll eat the [ __ ] [ __ ]
microphone is ok
Uncle, I thought very strange things
I don't know the way of thinking of chat A
Sometimes I don't understand it. I mean, people.
I think very strangely, what do you think of Agustn?
I'm not going to comment on Agustn in a no-no way.
I know I don't know him, you know, you don't have an opinion
because you don't like him that's why you just did it
You just said it, okay? What's happening?
that you know you are always there with the
Warmth Roman Thank you very much for those 10
members remind you that we have spent the
2000 recently not for the first time
I know I can give my opinion on what I have seen
You know
Uncle It never fails that after an event of
these of
big that induces people is not
the typical one on Twitter is not this one
the other one is not there I don't know who is not there
my [ __ ] mother what a Heavy Crazy to me if not
If they had invited me, I wouldn't be crying.
really like nothing's happening I'll be there
We'll be in another one, this doesn't happen
nothing I'll make him cry and say Oh no
He invited me I don't know what I won't wear
to cry
It's logical that you don't start crying.
because it is actually very difficult David
Thank you all very much, one is missing
one right now eh
In fact, don't you start crying?
because in fact entering into a thing like
in the squid game it is very difficult or
sea is a thing in which 100,000
people want to be okay it's very
difficult The problem is that if this
center and they kick you out for corruption, okay?
Therein lies the problem
therein lies the problem
gilber Thank you very much then yes
criticism and if you cry out loud
and people also hear Thanks to all
Those of you who are becoming members
I [ __ ] on 10 but what madness is this?
I just brought up a danger here that
annoying Thank you very much everyone
Thank you very much everyone. We have arrived.
to
256,000 subscribers to Javi the canijo
7.5 million visits this month
in Javi the puny
7 and a half million views on Javi the
canijo this month only in Javier canijo
now I don't care
It's true I will never cry because
don't invite something right?
You can leave that meme alone, like
Imagine, Chat, that you are Aurora Nobilln
Okay, and some tweets have been discovered.
former Nazis in 2013 okay
I wouldn't like them all to be there
days repeating the same thing when you are
repentant does not mean imagine
who make jokes with your things
Every day I am very
empathetic I am very empathetic chat
but we are nothing
empathetic Salvador a kiss Thanks to
all of them really. I mean, what a blast, right?
I thought you were going to give me an account of what
to become a member
I am of the lordship I am a member of your
three channels and I'm hooked
this channel Thank you very much Thank you
that he dislikes him, he read it from the chat
Oh okay, he read it from the chat which isn't
that she said it is worth it, it is worth it, the little guy is worth it
Okay, thanks for clarifying. Scrape it a bit.
queen kiss
Listen to me Celi, I would have liked your
empathy with Uncle Sur fibi Many
Thanks Uncle Sur, I'm defending you today.
as no one else defended you in your life celi
I would have liked your empathy with the guy.
South
Do you remember Uncle Sur who made you
an interview took its time in
prepare the interview, record it, send it
to edit if you wanted me to delete it
because she was counting on Antonio and he erased her
and after that he commented on some gossip of yours
Beatriz welcome Thank you very much In the
that you
in which you insulted Jackie and the
Uncle Jesus the only thing he did was put on
in a little corner to react to how
you enjoyed Jackie and you put a
strike
on his channel
Where was the empathy?
It's been 10 years Chad, I'm the same.
person who 10 years ago I think I wasn't
I used to be hyper megatoxic Flamer and
He kept insulting everyone and
Now I'm very reinforced You know I am
very very reformed I remember when it came out
It's good nothing nothing It's that this
It's 1999, so I think it's going to be now
play at the end 100% yes I think so now
is going to play
people remember me when he came out drunk
the topic of auron and such that I was
I didn't put myself anywhere or anywhere else
because I had no [ __ ] idea about the subject and
I didn't want to talk to people telling me
Siri, you don't speak so that you can be imitated.
squid game bro i was already at
halfway through Squid Game a month ago
about that in plan
damn I say people [ __ ] people
of [ __ ] I mean people are very
silly
Also if I enter the squid game
It wasn't because of Auron, it was because of someone else.
person you already know who it is
I have no relationship of any kind with
auronplay
by another person who you already know who it is
who
Don't you think they go too far with Aby?
I think they mess with you so much.
they don't
Yes, they go too far, no, I don't think they go too far.
Let's see, I'm not talking about the drawing, eh?
That man does this to everyone
I say in general people on Twitter and
such I don't know you have been hated a lot on networks
social I don't know why because I
I know him in person and I don't know why
the truth is that I have no idea
I have no idea, the truth is that I don't know why and
well for quite some time now skillful and
I think he is a good person, he always
He has helped me in everything, he has not done anything to me
bad I don't know
That is to say, for me he has seen it
contrary to what it looks like on social media
social, that is, I don't see it as bad or
such a bad person nor I don't know
is bad
Abi is bad, she is literally bad
Well
Well, let's see
I know I have other chemitas around here
I have to see the Nuk earrings.
Also let's see what Dross has responded to.
Ah, but let's see what happened in Beijing.
let's see what's happening in Beijing
Let's see what's happening in Beijing. I'm looking forward to it.
know what he has said because it is that
I really haven't seen it, I haven't seen anything.
new Setup
Instagram story know
We see it as Javier Oliveira sees it
As Javier Veira comes, he goes
no sound new Setup Hey look
Hey hey
It's pretty, isn't it? Hey, this is pretty.
I thought a person had come out
anonymous
in the [ __ ] this I have to have
Be careful when sharing on Instagram because
suddenly
people come out maybe and my cousin comes out and
My brother-in-law comes out and what you see comes out
say
I'm talking to the Editors.
to abort a mission we had
done but I put it already okay I put it already
from Beijing forgive me
Let's see here you have a little bit of the new one
You see that I have absolutely everything
everything changed I have taken it seriously
the reflux room But I have
put panels on the wall thus avoided
paint it follows the black walls but
Well, this change had the walls
black graffiti
had the walls painted black
I have been left in the dark and that's it
the room was dark man Sure yes
It's much more beautiful, the truth is
This jump is much more beautiful, man.
This jump that it makes when I stop the video
and then I hit Play again and it goes
That jump is because the video starts
how to reproduce in 340 and then jump
another quality is worth it I don't know how the hell
configure the I have to Reinstall or
update Chrome because it is
giving a lot of problems okay look
that I have a good computer in
conditions with its graph in
conditions in short well the Setup is
pretty isn't much more colorful damn
brighter and better, more beautiful
I couldn't be in this room with
I want with everything I don't know I needed one
change and I have taken advantage of all these days
of reflection and everything for
entertain myself with something and have the
clearer mind friend I hope so
I'm glad you like the change afterwards.
I will try to make a video for you
you see everything better because really this
is so square to the plane of the
camera but it looks much prettier
No
has muted notifications a bit
while talking about the topic but not
I can tell you that it is fine because it is not
I'm completely fine but I'm actually
I wanted to appear here very much before
but I wanted to appear last week
previous then the
I mean, I delayed it a little more. I mean, no.
I was able to sit here
40,000
I was expecting the truth to make a mistake
return not a return I expected more the
TRUE
talk before explaining some things
before but it was literally me
impossible and in fact mentally I am
made [ __ ] and it's something that I love you
say from now on I mean I'm not coming here I'm coming
Here one for my community I have been here two
years alone
and there are people who during these two
Years have not left me stranded anywhere
moment they have been with me I am
here doing streams today is
For my community I think I have a lot left
that I have not been able to offer much to give
completely stopped giving during these two
years and because of the respect I have for him
My community wants to continue here later
We'll talk about other things, okay, guys.
But but yes Thank you very much Brisa a
huge hug now I'm going to show you one
little thing
Thank you very much for I don't even know who anymore
you are but thank you very much
super happy to see you again I hope
This time has served to heal a
I love you a little bit, Eder, really yes
No, I mean, tell me how are you today?
comparison a couple of weeks ago and today
obviously I know better but
I don't wish this on anyone, so later
we talk we talk about everything a little bit
above Nor today we are not going to talk
Don't be afraid of bad things or anything
not many people watching this either
No, I'm not going to name names or talk [ __ ].
of no one nor am I going to do anything eh
absolutely nothing true I come
here to be as my community and to
show you a video that I made
I have done it in tiktok roll format no O
it is not a video
very trimmed and everything so that I don't get
can I take it? Thank you very much.
of place for many things, you will see
that the video is a video that is
Well, a little bit cut and cuts but it is
precisely for that so that there is no
nothing that is out of place or that is
Let the usual happen, it's worth it
misinformation that is lately
Come on, the misinformation is quite widespread.
hot in the environment so good
Now I'll read you a little more and tell you
I teach it's worth it, that's what it's partly about
I'm here right now think that I'm not
I feel very well
stop me too, let's see, I know that
a lot
consume Well whatever I am
even Netflix anything to escape
a little bit and such I need right now
also escape and soak up things
good and what better than with my community
So right now I need to do
streams Ok I need it for
take off all this stuff I have in my
head right now that is super negative
and soaking up a little bit of good stuff is worth it
So know that you are like this right now
but what to say look, I mean now, I mean I'm done
to read now in the chat How that
they finished no no I mean now that it is
here in the living room or really leave you
to really make mental paranoia
everything is the same as always OK no one has
finished with no one just means already
from now on it's worth it. Then if you want I'll make you
a Setup video so you can see what it is
same but I don't want to get here
I'm already pissed off with lies, eh? Please.
everything is the same as always that is not the
Today's topic nor today's point Ok friends
It has nothing to do with anything that
I'm going to speak today the name is there in
the living room is surely watching my
Stream and I'm here talking to
you guys are done, so we're not going to
talk more about this for God's sake Eh already
We have enough, friends, enough already.
we have, let's not add things that are not there
So I decided to upload this video.
In Scoop right now here is valid for
Twitch
It hasn't been easy, eh? Really, I've put myself
again after I know that they have only
It's been two weeks but for me it's been
done like six months or so like a half
year instead of half a month I am half
watching and now I give my opinion eh is that
I'm looking forward to the video being posted, okay?
is that Sara is
conflict is not handled well and
so
as if it were
rolling a lot rolling a lot Yes I
I think I'm doing too much rolling
the video And now I tell you Okay now
I'll tell you my opinion about bathing and sitting down
This has been an Odyssey for me, that is to say,
I promise you the truth, I'm not lying to you.
Okay, I'm carrying it right now, I had to
take a day's bread to be able to make
Stream with that I tell you anything goes So
I hope the video is a little bit memorable for you.
Of course, despite my mental conditions
right now they are not the most optimal
I hope that at least I can tell you
It may be useful, okay, come on, put it on, daughter.
Hello friends, how are you? I hope you
Well, if you allow me, I would like to have
a little bit of your time to be able to
clarify some issues that last time
My last Twitch stream was gone
the truth is not good at all and basically it is
due to the situation that was beyond me
at that moment I had an attitude
quite defensive
the truth is that it doesn't do me much justice. Or at least
less after this period of reflection than
I have been able to get away from everything a little bit
To what I really think and want and
I want to express the first thing is that no
I knew how to deal with the situation last time
because it is a past
which I am quite ashamed of and today
with more perspective and an attitude
totally renewed I would like to talk
in this video in the most direct way and
honest possible 10 years ago I had one
deplorable attitude on Twitter and has no
no kind of justification and please
I ask you now that no one justifies me.
It was disgusting in every sense of the word and
I accept each and every one of my mistakes
without any exception I feel
genuine repulsion and rejection of those
tweets today that do not represent me
and from the heart of my heart I want to ask you
Apologies for all the damage caused
that stage, despite all this time away
I have had time to reflect and
become aware of the whole bulk of the
situation and of and please I insist on
again in my apologies to all those
people I have been able to harm have
a script says Teresa has a script but
she has done it
that nothing would happen if they had
helped but she did it because I
Coast because I know Because yes because
I know, I'm not going to give any more explanations.
but it does have a script, it doesn't have it.
been writing during the days
changing this changing the other is fine
but it's hers
Those of you who know me know that
I have long since left that behind
way of reading but it is more than anything it is not
more than anything so that he doesn't forget
nothing
You're everywhere, grandpa, right? Let's see, it's true.
I know I know if I know I'm not going to say a word
something that remains in doubt, one thing of
Bad So you write a script for yourself
so you don't forget anything to say
You're not going to say it in a video.
that is so important to you now
Anyway, I explain my opinion.
I explain it now, it is worth acting on today's day.
Today I continue trying to improve as a person
and striving to be an improved version
of me and also during all this time
that I've been away I've had time
to reflect and become aware
about everything that happened and all the damage
caused I insist again my apologies
towards all those people who do
years I have been able to harm and do harm too
I apologize to my community or to
anyone who works with me
the attitudes of 10 years ago do not
They will happen again, I guarantee it.
I reiterate again my profound rejection
towards all those tweets that
wrote
In 2013 it is true that with everything
This thing that has been formed there are people who have
used to make edits and pass
tweets that they have written as mine
to continue doing harm and promoting
that all this is magnified further and the
The truth is that I'm only going to ask
obviously sorry for all that
Yes, I have written that I already
It seems like it's too much I am I am human
I'm not perfect, I've made mistakes and I've
learned over time quite a bit of
They all this is part of me
life path of my past and it is something
that I would like to please leave there now
In my past the only thing I ask of You is one
opportunity an opportunity to be able
continue moving forward learning and leave
this dark chapter of my life behind me
Of course I will continue to improve it.
I promise I want to continue enjoying the
direct with the beautiful community that I have
formed Thank you so much to everyone and to
each of you for these two years
short but very intense with me Thank you
for not abandoning me, thank you for believing
Always Thank you for believing in me
changed
Christian says then if I didn't have
the script would say something stupid
really if you can't be more
silly that you Christian what you just did
writing is the biggest joke that
They put it in the chat and look what's there
here right now 6000 people and
I could have a fight to see who it is
more foolish all the 6000 people who
We are here But well thanks for
Let's see when you see yourself in one
situation really like that
I wanted to finish that I wanted to finish
wait for the video to end but
Well, that's more or less how the issue goes.
Here is a person who despite
that it has been very
hooligan hooligan no hooligan no and
Now the same thing happens to him, they are people
that then at the moment of truth and about
Everything surprises me on the part of
auron [ __ ] a person who has
so many years of experience in the
the medium and that it is handled so badly in the
conflict or in this type of
Of course, what happens is that yes
that you have been in the industry for a long time
has a lot of experience in some things
but not in all of them it has no tables in
not all of them What would I have done that I
I would have done it, okay. I would have done this.
cut the first day
so with a video So this apologies
you're fine if you want to put one on it
My dear, these apologies since I don't know if
will do it now but if you want to put it
a little friend a little friend a little friend
but I would have dedicated a few words to him
and taiza because Isa really could
having behaved badly or that is and those contributed
to put an altar to it, no, I didn't like it
take it off I put it on I didn't like taking it off
and I will be taken out well and Taiza could have
the one with the wound got stuck in more and he didn't put it in
In fact, he even bothered to send me
the video for you know
a few words would have saved me
liked it But well, we'll leave it here now.
there is no need to give it more thought, but a
[ __ ] and you're at the first reaction that
I had to if I'm going to report you that yes
This, if not like this, it was not like this. There is no forgiveness.
more but I would have cut this
first day in the end it's just them two Although
It may not seem so, but both Auron and
Billion are the ones that have been extended with
not knowing how to manage it is a pain and look at that
You've been in the media for years, maybe.
Of course, although I have less experience
and less impact Maybe as I
I have moved more in the mud So to the
I would take it a little better but
I understand that you might get nervous
that you feel how bad they take you
you feel bad not when you are being harassed
tremendously everyone but at
In the end you take it and leave the first day or
the second not the next day if you don't
you find the first one with strength every day
next But when they do it first
you do it better Let's see you have to see
what has happened what is happening to you
teaching point number one is true or
It's a lie, it's true, forward it's a lie
You strive to prove that it is the one
It's a lie, okay, it's true, go ahead
Recognizing it is bad, there is no justification
recognize it without justification Sorry no
I can go back in time
Sorry I can't I can't cut myself a
arm and simply sacrifice it Sorry
this is from 2013 this from 2015 this from
2017 from Whenever but whatever
from 3 4 5 years ago 10 years ago
How are you going to explain that today?
today
So you stand in front of the camera and
from the first day you cut it if I don't have it
justification for what is coming out
About me it's all true, I was like that
[ __ ] and honestly when I see him
I'm ashamed to see it, it makes me feel
shame I know I can't say more O
be me imagining myself in your situation no and
It is the truth, I understand that they have
acted like this because these are things that
embarrass But in the end put yourself to
deny put yourself to turn around put yourself to
maybe in the end it makes him lengthen it more
because if you start denying it, people will
begins to investigate to dismantle what
They are denying it has only been a
observation keep the spears not
It completely invalidates how you feel
I don't understand the tweet, it's just like that.
That is, not justifying or denying something that is
The truth is there because if you deny it
and you justify it and such in the end people
becomes the FBI and sets out to
investigate to see how he dismantles I don't know what
I don't know how much and it doesn't stop and it never stops
this same video
I don't know how they don't have some
advisors or something like that, not with famous people
which are because this is an advisor
first
the second day he tells you Potoma go out and say
this and the first day you cut it the first
the day you cut it there will be people putting in
[ __ ] always
There's always something on the internet when you
You are famous on the internet and anywhere
half ok, I mean, I have this
has it has one has Dallas and
everyone has to see it, everyone who is
relevant if you put me this guy who
has sticky hair that is 200
viewers and it seems that it has a
nursery there it doesn't matter what he says
But people who are known and
relevant important not that it matters
that we say no to people
let's cause sensations that make people think
In us every day there are two types of
people are the people who you
They want to and will defend you and will
try to empathize with you
Knowing you I don't know what it's worth And they forgive you or
understands you or criticizes you but you
They forgive because they understand you and because
They know that in the end we are all
humans no But then there are people
malita with you who is pending everything
the day of let's see what negative comes out of you
and he's going to prove it
everything that everything that comes out negative
of you He's going to try it, he's not critical, he doesn't give you
He says, hey, this is on, it's not on
It's bad this is good good the [ __ ] It's
This is bad but it's been 10 years
years no no no Or what Sara can't
pretend that something that I believe is
He doesn't finish assimilating it, it's just that he never
you're going to be okay with everyone, that is
with everyone who sees you with everyone
In the world of the Internet, you will never get 100%
accept
There are people who have a crusade against you and will
He's going to criticize even for the sweatshirt that
you put If you tomorrow instead of
connect gray sweatshirt appears with a
The dwelling is going to tell you what a hypocrite you are
put the gray wall and put a
purple sweatshirt
And what the [ __ ] does that matter in your life?
what the [ __ ] does it matter what that person says?
people
I care about my community if I see
that suddenly people have left me who
They were faithful, reasonable people
He has apologized about five times and
It's never enough But because the
The first one has not been conclusive. That's it.
Now after this video, listen to me now.
after this video and take them by
ass all of you who come to complain
nothing else, but go and have a good drink
by ass
Go [ __ ] yourselves. But what is it?
What I was telling you What does it matter
let the bad ones say
and if it has the importance that you
you want to give it to him if you don't look at them you don't
look nobody If you don't they don't send you no
It doesn't matter, your community matters
The person next to you matters the most
person who has at home matters to you
family your real-life friends this
It is once you turn off the computer this
It doesn't exist What does it matter we are here
working that there is a bad guy trying
sharpen everything you say
Of course because you are relevant in their
life what cannot be is them
relevant in yours because they don't have
no relevance
and of course they are people who are sick
with you because envy is what you
you are envious of your physique
envy in your money in life in your house
Envy in your car, envy on your motorcycle
envy in the family that has the
couple you have how happy you are
they crash into the [ __ ] wall
You don't get up and go to bed thinking
in them they in you yes
they in you yes they rise and I
I have like 15 or 20
or more 15 or 20 more or less that is
They produce every day but
okay, so they get up and
They lie down all day thinking that
You are doing well and suffering for that
what does it matter to you?
that changes your life
will stop earning 40,000 euros a month
because I'm putting that person with
three likes a tweet against you
You're not going to continue earning 40,000 bucks a day.
month
you're going to stop having a Mercedes
or being able to get up at the time that
you want
While the other is bitter with
your bitter boss with your bitter job
with no you if it comes out of your [ __ ] you do a
String and if your [ __ ] doesn't come out you throw yourself
on the couch and still earning 40,000 bucks
what is it that changes your life that comes
Iker Iker has the notifications and
from when I start the live until
He leaves and stays there for four hours saying
foolishness
I will continue earning what I earn
and tomorrow I'm going to get up at the time that
I get out of my dick
and if I feel like it, I'll sit on the computer
and if I don't lie on the floor with my dog
he will not have to go to work
where I work
with all due respect to the workers
You know that I have a lot of empathy with everyone
the workers but I am referring to the
bad people to envious people to
disgusting people are sick No to them
sick people what I call them
sick uncle the other day I went to a
Stream from a colleague
I will play and there was a little sick one that still bothered me
I was remembering a phrase once
discussion of Four months ago it was
As I went I told him I will play It's another topic no
I'm going to extend it to you now because it's very
long and I said I'll play this is like
teach a duck to read
you are saying a super logical thing and
anyone who understands the
Spanish understands it and is not going to do it
understand why you don't have the capacity
a special person you say yes and
leave it there, that's it
in which you Or you imagine that you do not
It affects nothing, it's the internet and it turns off. Oh
They are taking a clip from me
unfortunate thing I said in 2015
Wow
not the other day in a screenshot from 2016
Okay
what I do
I'm going to 2016 and I'm not writing them. So
He doesn't want me to do it if we're in 2023.
you [ __ ] freak
It's not that you're racist since 2013.
Okay
outside the internet Sara, that is, outside
What do you have 40,000 viewers in the
direct Leave them sorry is that you have
a tweet that had three views that tweet
in 2013 and you can no longer be on social media
because you posted that tweet in 2013
another thing is other things that we have
taken out other people in 2013
or in 2022
There I tell you
because there were people saying Ah then
that Lans you criticize Lans but without
embargo
in the cloud has made racist comments
in 2022 and is doing them in the
and Beijing did them in 2013 at best
maybe there is something there that you don't understand
TRUE
But what I'm telling you is how to teach
read a duck and don't even try when
you see something like that, I don't even block, I don't have
no one blocked on Twitter or
YouTube put whatever you want and
final if that's what I want
generate sensations and I am important
for many people for better or worse
Beijing doesn't know how many times
apologize and the anug came out last week
went on to say that he didn't call them monkeys
to the Mexicans
He who has eaten for a week burning
Virginia Auron joining the crowd is worth it
to try to join the little group of
These stinky allies in Lans who
He says that he did not call monkeys
Mexicans
that he meant that he was going to Mexico
would visit the software
Look at this is to look at it
It's not a joke, he said it like that, eh?
I don't say this to anyone, to anyone.
moment that I tell anyone, anyone
Mexican who is a monkey
You will not see me say at any time
No one to any Mexican who is a monkey
that's pretty racist for you to think
First in Mexico there are zoos in the
that there are monkeys second I think to give for
fact that if I'm going to go to Mexico to see
monkeys is because I'm going to see a
Mexican is quite racist because of your
part
It's quite racist of you.
It's quite racist of you, he is
I was referring to the fact that there are zoos in Mexico
where there are monkeys, that is, there are people.
whether it was or not the joke
We are talking with irony and everything
that you want But this is the same
level that when Augustine said that his
comment was not calling apes
Peruvians but he was putting it on
nationality to the Apes that the Apes
They were born in Peru, that is
The problem is not that they know you
connect because you tell me that this is
excuse is putting it in ironic mode
in a humorous way and then asks you
Sorry, okay, but no, it's not that this
excuse is being given And there are people
who approves of these things, that is, they are people
who are not willing to put themselves in a
position or in another are people who are
willing to stand against Auron
and Beijing and in favor of anug while
that fart for a week calling racist
auron
So I don't care that there are people who take
in light of this argument
and do not leave your home immediately.
unblock it on all networks for me
is an instructor the intelligence That is
If you're telling me, let's see the
clip where Anu said the thing about the monkeys was
this looks
the how thing
Mexico, if I could
clear
Yes yes
I already went around travering monkeys then
and the guy comes out saying that he knows
I was referring to a zoo, please see.
That is an insult to intelligence. And
This one joins with the cherrysta of course
She hangs out with this racist because
They are all the same if you give yourselves
account all are equal or those who
they put more progress and deities and
funar and these things are the worst there is
some there are some who are given it
I have saved and are lucky enough not to
be relevant and that I'm not going to give them
promo with 7000 viewers because at the
better what they look for and are lucky to
don't answer me again But the
day that the Czech grows a little Many
thanks I don't think it will happen but if the
day that I get bored or that I get bored without
content and I decide to turn around and
I cross it to leave the country. That is.
literally to leave the country is worth it
I mean
This is incredible no and people saying no
It's that Ah with Billino and with Auron no
But with Anuksi and with Agustn you know the
difference between 2023 and 2013 [ __ ]
[ __ ]
golden mouth
Thank you for all the support you have given me
provided throughout this time of
heart Thank you very much I emphasize
also that I have requested privately
apologies to each and every one of the
people that I may have affected with
my comments in the past and now
I publicly reiterate my
I'm sorry, I'm so sorry for everything.
the evil that may have come to you
cause Thank you very much for having me
Listened friends, I send you a kiss from
here and thanks again
Well friends, let's see if you can find any flaws.
this excuses I already told you or so
in a plan to scratch by scratch what you
I have said but apart from that I see them
quite valid. So no more
can do
you can't cut off a loin and slaughter it
For a Buddha, the topic is over here no longer
Have you seen the bans on Abby's banner?
Twitter let's see what annoying thing isn't there
stop calling attention no
No, I don't see anything new.
in trends one more day I'm going to the
bed goodbye scavenger
scavenger and liar eh How we have
caught the lie eh Adriana a kiss
Queen, thank you very much.
How we caught him lying
What have you tried to trick us into? The piece of [ __ ]
liar
how they have tried to trick us with lies
you piece of liar who doesn't read them
had been she you know above cowards
They all have the same thing, the same thing.
same pattern
Obviously it was a slightly larger video
long but I wanted to cut it down because
the most notable parts so that you don't
Do not take things out of context or
nothing because I know how this goes I know how
It works and I didn't feel like it, okay. But
Well, as I said, let's turn the page.
Believe me, if I have done something wrong
In this life I have paid it back multiplied
for 500,000 or so for real Or so believe me
If I tell you OK then that's it.
Let's leave the topic here. I know that
Many people want me to talk about other things
people I'm not going to do it I'm not going to
talk about no one
here and I'm going to stay and I'm going to say
that during my time as a streamer
I will try absolutely never to talk about
no one who has nothing to do with something
straight towards me okay or so if someone
obviously at a certain point
attack me then Well maybe I
deep down or not but it means I don't
I'm not going to have any kind of
bad behavior and I take responsibility
from now on towards absolutely no one since
the minute now is worth this
I want to leave it on record that I do not
I'm here to create conflicts not
I'm here for many things, okay?
So from now on, if you come here to see
yes let's see what I say about someone no no
I'm not going to let anything go, I have people who
Obviously their names are from my channel
vetoed I think we all know who
each and every one of them is
banned here for me is a Shadow Ban
but life is worth it, that is, I am worth this
I have people banned from my channel.
and also of life as it is for me not
They already exist, that's all I'm going to do.
to say about it is also valid before
move on to another topic I would like to clarify
a couple of things
a couple of urban legends worth that I have
I've seen it around and it bothers me a lot.
the thing is
Oh, it bothers me. There are so many things that
They have been invented and said that
I don't even know where to start but
I'm just going to clarify two things, okay, there are people
What will you say? Oh, it hasn't changed in 2013.
In 2020 I think something was written
that was like racist, look at me in my
life
Look, I'll show you.
Ok, I have the tweet here, I'm going to read it.
They point out a racist comment to me that is
the next one, that is, I was
answering a person I will
clarify basically why it is not
Okay
I was answering a person who
He was a friend and I tell you I remind you that a
Vietnamese pig of your species marked you
with its origin and then tried to abuse
sexually of you okay context of the
joke with my friend it turns out that the
Auron's brother had a little pig
Vietnamese a pet and once we
He invited many people to his house. We were
everyone there and this little pet pig
peed on a friend
I pee on it and then I try
mount his leg that's the tweet not him
I'm calling Vietnamese pork
someone in a racist mood Hello, you know what?
They even got involved in conversations that
I had with colleagues already, that is to say, I already
It seems surreal or rather and they use it as
It's not that in 2020 Yes, well there was a lot
tweets that actually had their context
It's like me, the thing about the Olimbos that I
It was impressive because there were many people who
I was retweet and share it
Knowing the context
Knowing the context there were many people
that Elena A kiss heart there was a lot
people who knew the context were doing it
recruiting like Oh poor thing, it's that
has a disability let's see who
Having a disability doesn't make you not
may be a bad person
Okay
places Give me all the only ones he has put
that
hosts
places have only put that
But it has changed because there is this. I mean
I was laughing with you too in fact
The other day I mentioned this to Paul and he told me
if it weren't for the situation
that you are now I would laugh And it is that it is
funny really but it's that they have done it to me
taken out of context like doing
drinking like a racist when really
I was talking about a pet okay And he
I called my friend like a pig but
Jokes, you know, I mean, nothing to do with anything.
Ok, so it has nothing to do with anything.
I don't consider myself to be in it again
absolutely not a racist person at all
not at all
I don't know half of the things that have been asked of me
saying
I'm going to carry my own things
that I wrote on Twitter 2013 under the
whatever the nature or justifications
that I have given him in his day but I do not
I do not consider myself a person at all
racist and anyone who
know it even my community knows it
you know or rather it is that no no And this does not exist
where to get it and another little thing that is
Regarding my tattoo, okay, it was done.
Clara, that's it. Really.
Hey by the way
By the way, by the way, it marks me today.
a powerful clickbay
because it had to be done
here in Javier Canijo
I have given myself a powerful click and I have
launched today
the interview I did with auron
I don't remember I don't remember what date
It was exactly Juan Carlos Muchas
thank you
the auron interview let's see I know that
I know that precisely
The interview was in 2022
In 2022 it would be the original, well, let's see
[ __ ] let's get in Javier and watch it no
I have it on the cover. Also because
I feel super proud of this achievement
little Thank you very much
September 13, 2021 okay I know that
It was after the Rosito series
and so on is worth it
that marks me that byte but
listening to the interview and I was
talking to a colleague before listening
the interview
He comments on many things about current events.
That is to say, it is very good to listen to it today.
today
it's a piece of it's a piece of talk
it's a piece of talk
And it is that he already comments on many things that are
They are clarifying before the funa in
tiktok I don't read Twitter that already
First of all, you should know that I've been here for a week
and I'm never going to read it again
I have my empty Twitter account there.
plan as something symbolic but I don't
I'm never going back to Twitter. I mean, no.
be that something happens I don't think I'll come back And
My account will stay there, I'm not going to
read nothing people can harass me for
There you can insult me whatever you want.
I'm not going to read it, but I would like to.
Since this has come out on tiktok, I
have been through it I would like to clarify a
point which is the issue that they were
saying that I had a swastika
tattooed which I think I already said it was
painted Ok I painted it for a header
I said it in the last video, I'm not going to do it
repeat history but yes
I will show you with evidence that it is
what I had tattooed here
Okay, here you can see a photo of mine.
From my Instagram you can scroll down to
2015 this is not an edit that is
photo exists and I have it on my wrist
What is this part here is worth the
part that I have the blackout had on
Health in Russian is from Arabia, it says there, okay?
What's up, I got this tattoo in
his day when he lived in Madrid with a
tattoo artist friend, we were all there
drinking beers and such and the tattoo stayed
We were all laughing so hard in the
a friend of mine's living room and it turned out like the
[ __ ] ass and of course the one I had
opportunity because I covered it and I'm going to
Now show something else for a moment
which is my current tattoo I have done the
photo the best I could worth
My current tattoo is this one let's go
zoom in as you can see here
There is a 3 which is the Z in Russian and it can be
read that what is covered here is
I put here the phrase that the word is good
that was written here and the rest I don't have
absolutely nothing friends please me
I think I've had enough, I think.
I think I might be wrong but I think that
I have to put up with the things that are
what did I do to make you be with me
defaming me and accusing me of everything in me
life and I say it again I have never
I have been a Nazi in my life and for me it is something that
It hurts my [ __ ] soul that people
make jokes tell me that to me to me
it explodes or rather it really bothers him, man
I would take it half as a joke, eh, I mean
I would take it at this point
half joking
because that is to say that they take seriously what
the so
that they take the brain of a Nazi
bursts
because one thing is to be an [ __ ]
as I have been and another thing is another
things and eye I do not justify making humor
about minorities to make humor about
diseases make humor about what
be any misfortune is wrong
and to me it is something that today I do not
It's not funny at all, I actually read it.
I hear something I remember a meme
that I laughed and also when I was like that
She torra and I sent her meme and she
He said, "Look, you're breaking up," and he got angry.
I don't find it funny. No, really.
It may be me but I know there was a meme of
a lady on a balcony
an 80-year-old woman on a balcony
doing so
and I and I see that you already have me
that you know how to make things funny
when I don't know at first better the
first day or not at all In the end things
They have the importance that you give them
and that's it if you get angry and I block
the person who put the Twitter because
Then the same one was recommended to me
account saying Look blocked and I said
This If you knew that it is because I
I sent the tweet and it's like but if it's that
it doesn't matter or is nobody or is
literally no one believes that he is or that
has been a Nazi in a literal way
nobody believes it
nobody really believes it
That is to say, whoever says he believes it is
lie, no one believes they were Nazis
literally
I don't know, people might be more
preserved tells me Look, what did you say?
I don't know what I do say sometimes
shits that I talk a lot on Stream Well
Well, if it's a K, then I'll change it.
that nothing happens I know So that once
I made a joke about Mexico okay. Well or
be sorry Mexican [ __ ] or be like that
what are we going to see
Yes, I know that I say yes, sometimes I make humor
black in a context in which there is no
I should, well damn, go Apo is killing me.
to go out Well yes once
put the zoo
zoo
In the end he will be right
Dross on everything he said about you yesterday
if not a little yes no
and I don't find it funny at all
It is that yes, it has even changed my way of
see what's funny in this life and what's not
I don't know, but I don't like anything about it.
That's why I don't justify everything that
I did it wrong but from there to defame me
that brutal way no
no no, that is, it is the same as what
I explained before the edits that are
They started to make and channels of
YouTube and these things using
edits that I didn't write, that is, the tweet
of the Colombians of the Argentines I
I didn't write that, I was making humor
generic did not go by country, that is not it
I wrote there are people who are giving those
tweets as valid mine and it is not
true, I'm not going to do it alone, that is, I'm not going to do it
justify anything I've done but
Please let me explain things.
that I have not done and it has been done
even bigger taking advantage of the
confusion to screw me or rather
I don't think it was good either
that on the part of many people and
There were many fake ones. Yes, but that happens, eh?
That is, in all the funas with him he clashes
It also happened that in the end they get in there
through fake also gets into fakes
That's it, that's it, let's leave this one.
topic if you want to know I'm not here
not at all
happy right now I'm not, it always happens
lots of beer Sorry, I'm going to drink
I have been given so much, so much
cane
but in a brutal way, eh you No
really I mean I think you just know
5% of the things I've experienced, eh?
These days I think you know But why
I have lived through some truly terrible things.
month of harassment half a month or so but
incredible or rather incredible or rather I got to
a whopping half a million tweets
half a million tweets a few weeks ago
of people putting me but but come on or
It's all hate harassment. I mean, they harassed me.
I was also doxed in real life
They hacked me, they did everything to me or
They have defamed my image and have made of it
everything or whatever
that all that was missing was someone appearing
through my door really, that is, I tell you
What I have done is very wrong and for
I apologize for that as many times as necessary.
really but wow or what
I paid 20,000 for it, believe me.
for 20,000
And well, I think that social networks
They are not anyone's judgment and sometimes
because everyone thinks so nowadays
that you have to have an opinion
in front of everything, that is to say, me, thanks to God
I care about people's opinions
Yes, he knows all the support I have
received these days from my friends from
all my life, that is, seeing the mess that
there was something like freaking out saying but I don't know
It's all going a bit crazy, yes.
Indeed, everything went much further.
of my friends I was aware of what
That's why I did my usual friends
They were aware of what I was doing for
example in 2013 and they did not approve it
not at all but but there it was
He knows what he said, he didn't like it either.
nothing the companies with which I had
on the internet and but but that's it, you know
but all this has been has been
brutal guys, I mean I promise you ha
been brutal
I will still carry it with me anyway.
as long as it takes and until the
people get tired. I mean if they think that the
Justice works like this
to overwhelm a person in a group but not
a group I mean it's not in it's not that you in
2013 you did This yes Well then no
There was neither that virality nor I was anyone or
whether it were a public figure or
Well but but, that is, this thing of having or
be you I think you do not know what
is to have half a million tweets only in
Twitter
harassing you, I mean, no, I don't think so.
No one is aware of the evil that can happen
get to do that. I mean, really, you do it.
I promise and then the rest of the networks
social, well, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
I had to remove the comments
absolutely everything, that is, in short
many, many things have happened and
Well
It is what it is, it is not what there is.
I don't know either
[Music]
people get sick
I don't think they get sick but yes
which is people who believe they are
vigilantes or something is that I do not know
Justice doesn't work like that, not at all.
I mean, no, it doesn't work like that at all.
Anyone would say it was a current topic
today and that I have just been
discovered that I had an account
huge secondary school where he made comedy
black and I just discovered it
I would understand that something so extremely massive
It was for something current that Hey look that
We just discovered this about this girl
but damn, I think there was nothing left
practically no one without knowing what the [ __ ]
This girl
It's just that everything that has come out has
been for things that were already known
Javi there is a video that appears when
Abby put the fans thing before
delete it where pitu
where can I see it
where can I see it pitu
I have to watch the other 20 minutes.
what is missing from this
because I think I already have a mini hug
because I think that's enough Ah lo
that they sent me Anita, okay, let's see
I'm going to see it
Let's see, basically it's a bit the same.
No
voucher checked by Anita no
Let's see, we're talking about this video
It is recorded
Before I delete it
yes yes yes yes yes
that it has been her that you do not turn around
that you do not turn around almost to her
Lore says important missing
the hint to false friends is worth it
come on, go on
Well, I'm going to keep watching a little bit more.
until that appears because he put more
40 minutes cocabrn 40 minutes and it's a
little in the end is that we already have two
weeks trying this you know and it's a little
In the end it's the same, that is, it's done, it's done.
is that since we do more regarding
this
Hello hello what I had on Twitter I think
that many people knew it or rather it has been
taken as he does not go further when no no
They wanted to do it as something new but
for me and I'm going to say this until the end
death is worth it to me
This has been the case on this occasion because
There have been people with certain repercussions
some more and others less than they have
given importance to this area, that is, we are going
Let's see, I've already lived this, it was one with
Sara and in fact I speak it in that
interview that was uploaded from auronplay
I'm talking to auronplay Hey, but Sara
has done the other thing with auronplay in that
interview a year and a half ago I already spoke
of those tweets I talk about casara every time
that is, these tweets have brought out Auron
They haven't taken it out much, no, no, to the
It's true, it's worth it. They took it to Beijing.
They took it away from him when he announced that he was going to
being a streamer and at the time he started to
blow it up and so on
Okay
but in this one it has been like a
super viral and it's like but if it's already there
This was one I've experienced twice.
super tiny
clear and the thing is that the others
occasions do not collaborate did not collaborate
Those influencers for me are the ones
change
For me it is that there is no evil and change
I'm going to say it until the end for me the
change has been the influencers who are
many eh I don't mean just the
two that you are thinking are a few
So you've gotten into the network, sir.
Cheto Felipe has gotten a few
apart from those who such
viralized So for very little
impact that each one has
each one put in his grain of sand
some have no small impact and have
made everything explode and be like
knows much more and that has been the
difference between the other times that the
they have been found and the other and the other that has not
You know
It's something from a decade ago really that
I do not justify that they have either
It's been 10 years but it has happened to me
a little bit similar
You've failed me, you bastard, the little chat was about
to stay out of clips for
promote gossip with how beautiful it is
was completely received in the
main By the way I answered you to
discord in case it was important nanit is
important I have not seen that I have
answered because I don't use it
Discord and I have to send you something
Well, regarding the first thing you asked me
saying
I had understood that we had stayed
in not editing it so that it was not edited
to not put a clip and so on, yes. I mean
extract extract Yes because I have extracted this
acts but not on the topic we were talking about
discussing but about the one and the others
topics that we touched on but in the style of the
business you know or rather I would have told you
not in the live and Jeremy's thing
I help it to become stronger but that
Jeremy's also participated in the
funa Finishing answering Ricky
Ricky, you're going to freak out.
you're going to freak out before I go to bed
I'll leave it on discord, I don't get involved.
on the disk and I don't use it anymore
I have used it four times
punctual for these topics but you are going to
freak out
you're going to like it you're going to like it It's a
thing that
my people have made me
but of course I can't use it because
If I use it I'll go to hell and you
you won't be able to use it either
I guess I don't think you're that crazy but
I'm going to send it to you so that you can
you know it so that you know it and
It's becoming very clear to you, it's going to become clear to you
Everything is very clear, a kiss, Ricky, a kiss, hey
everyone subscribe to the Channel
Ricky Eddy and follow him on twist too and
Otherwise you're going to freak out, I'm just telling you that.
everything is disproportionate
oh well
That's what it is, guys, then there's the squid issue.
games okay squid games I didn't want
participate because I already know you now
I said mentally I'm not quite right
In fact, it is costing me a lot.
I didn't want to be sitting here right now
participate but Auro has insisted me
has insisted and I have practically
forced to participate because it is a
project of his and he wants me to be there
So I said yes And now I
I'm doing the other part I'm doing it
forcing him to participate as well
and he is going to participate, eh, that is, he is going to
be sure that he will appear
in the games
he is going to appear in the games
Here it is already good, let's see, it is not
confirming as such but I am
sure
I'm sure
will appear
greedy that you are a greedy
Hahaha, never mind, pass that to me later if you like.
Do you remember that now I'm curious about you?
Tell me what permissions I have with that
information and I'll see how far
burn all bonanit chat for me you have
all the permits in the world for me
You have all the permissions in the world.
I'm not going to do it because of course I don't
you will be able to When you see it you will be able to
like it is worth seeing permission to leave
brown to someone passes the brown to
someone with my permission all for me
Adventure permit just looking for it
find a hug Ricky Thank you very much
King, a hug, I'm glad you stopped by.
Here we will see, you know that it is very
big head we'll see
In the end I'm trying because
I don't think it's fair and you should know one thing.
because there were a lot of people passing by
Come in, it's okay, but Auro isn't here.
I know what I don't know how much no Let's see auron I don't know
ha, that is, he has left Twitch and has left
the live shows And that's all I'm going to do
say now because you are going to tell me
asking is fine
has left it
What a start to the year Javi I hope
keep going red heart yes but now that
Ricky has passed by here, I'll do it again
say eh or the theme of the games of
squid if the game has hurt me the subject
from the squid game yes it hurt me
that he wanted to hurt me with that
has done
Whoever wanted to hurt me with that is there
Yes, he did it to me, yes, it's true that
We are very powerful, I see what we have done
like 8 million visits in Javier
puny 2 million Javier Iveira Javier
Ibero has been reborn again
Telesalseo is a bit weaker this time.
month but being weaker they have been
three million we know made almost 15
millions of views on these channels
month I haven't grown a lot
barbarity, a complete barbarity by
finally another one finally we have started
Twitch okay so finally we have
ripped tweets that we were with 200
300 spectators in twist because not
We had a presence We have already started it
but really
really
29 45
really the squid game thing
It would have been a [ __ ] blast. We would have
The Squid Game was destroyed
It would have been amazing, we would have
swept away last year in the game of
squid I was with 6000 more than 6000
viewers the day I got banned
The rest of the day I think I was with four
or five thousand spectators too but the
the day I got banned was up, okay?
And I had no presence at all
Twitch
Okay, I'm sure that having
been the squid game after
from the streak made in this last month that
We have even done 20,000 one day
11,000 spectators in a [ __ ] madness
we would have been in the game
of the squid and I'm not freaking out I'm
we would have been in the game for sure
of the squid
with 10,000 spectators 15,000
spectators or some nonsense like that
It would have been a good jump
So Congratulations because whoever it is
that will surely come out one day
whoever did it wanted to hurt me
With this he made me sure sure
but well, look, a merit, a merit of
a merit of having gotten to where
We are here because you like it or not, man, no
We are the blonde but we live well, isn't it?
that we are where we are despite the
adversities of attempts to funa of
the trip That is precisely what we had
an attempt at funa this same month did not
take it by the ass of the trips from there to
the press to defame me and throw me out
one side of throwing me away from the other side of throwing away
Do you know how to contact the brand so that or
despite all attempts
despite all attempts we are
where we are then for me has more
merit than a person who has more merit
easy because it is more accepted by
ideology for whatever then Good
Well, that's it, but it does hurt more.
I mean, but more hurt
not only because of the numbers themselves, but because
supposed we would have grown I'm
completely sure that we would have
grown up is worth it
I am absolutely sure that
we would have grown
but because I liked it. That's why I liked this one.
I liked that this one would have been done with
illusion and would have parked that week
gossip
for dedicating the time to that is why
I liked this one, okay. But oh well.
surely what we will do in tribute
because of course the organizers don't have
The organizers are to blame.
Of course they invited me, okay?
We will comment on the gossip with the tracksuit
Ok, we will discuss the gossip with him
track-suit
and well in response in response to all
the people who have tripped us up
for that to happen it's worth it
what you would have to do if I
you all want to support those who are
right now watching the live chat
or whatever
subscribe subscribe
give it a like
and make a member to screw them
So that they burn to make you members and
Becoming Prime is worth screwing them.
because I know that it does hurt them, okay?
because it really hurts
I lie that I have as a friend of mine What is it
That is, how I know that person
But beyond that I will never give my opinion.
Of nothing or anyone and less if I don't know or
I don't even know half of the things because
I also tell you that not everything you see
The internet is real, that is, there are many
truths but there are also many
lies, that is, there are half-truths
then you have to be very careful with
that's worth a lot of care
Greetings Javi if Auron appeared in the
games I hope the whole community likes it
support it and make it trend on social media
social deserves it I have no doubt no
I have doubts about success, don't leave your salary behind.
here
a hug a hug boss but don't you
spend money on me
Don't spend money on me, but a hug
King, thank you very much
and nothing
[Music]
I have realized or so
my Twitch or rather I think I already have it
You have known for a long time but I think that
Now it's time to address me
I have never liked going to events ever
I liked getting along with everyone
I have always been very sectarian
precisely friends precisely because of what
that we have seen these days, that is to say,
Twitch is a world of fakes
[Applause]
How beautiful you are, more than the Queen of
Holy Tuesday but the neighborhood is beautiful
How beautiful you are, mother.
for the one who is new
follower for whom they are new
Followers of the Channel, I recommend you.
that you see
This video is worth it, you have it on the channel
secondary and in the main it is valid
either of these two is worth
Cristinini saying exactly the same thing
Under your experience it is worth it
and this one that Elisa tried to throw at me, this one
the ones are fake, look at him, look at him
Okay
third person that I remember
You better remind me again.
more than proves me right in what I have
saying a lot of time is worth it And what
I say with a lot of knowledge of
Cause Thanks to all of you who are here
becoming a member with a lot
knowledge of the cause why Because it
I know because they tell me everything myself
I am worth more for what I keep quiet than for what
What I tell here, that is, I release here to you
little pill from time to time things that I
I see that it is not important but I
I know all the moves
I know all the moves and there is a
a lot of people in the series in the
events and those things that cannot be
see but not that they cannot be seen because
In the end, that's what I'm telling you. Look for
example, they would have invited me to the
squid games and I go and there's a
a lot of people I don't like
period but whose event is it
auronplay me auronplay me auronplay
I like it and I love it
Frank, a kiss, you understand me, I would have
invited I would have gone to the enlam
because in the end it is a professional issue
no and in the end your face your presence you don't
I know that whatever is worth it
after what has happened this year
I doubt very much that it would have to be fixed
and grefg would have something to say about it
to what he has done this year for me
I would go back another year because this is worth it
it will work like this or that is, this will work that
the day I have 20,000 or 30,000
spectators Oh Javi invents them there are
Javi invents I don't know what it's worth
this works like this okay now now It
that we are in the phase of trying
trip him up so that he doesn't
Let's grow up, it's worth trying to trample you
try these things no
and this will be like this, okay
Javi Don't leave Twitch don't go to
mixer Wait, it's here, I'll go to you
to put a contract that you want the game
I'm going to give you the squid game.
squid and a tray of squid
squid for you to eat
while you are playing okay you want
that someone puts you doing it
tickling feet while
play so your feet don't get tired
Okay, that's how the world works, that's how I told you.
cash is worth it was a [ __ ] shame it was
what a [ __ ] shame what I had to do
before going to the bank to ask
1500 euros loan is worth it. Now you enter.
in the bank and I'm not Rubio in that I was not even
nothing but well there is no difference
nothing to do with the difference has nothing
that seeing is worth it, that is, life works like this
In private insurance the whole deal is
completely different life is a
disgusting but that's how it is okay But the problem
That's not it, the problem is not that you go
to a place even if you don't like someone else
even if they fall on you no no because in the end
you have to be professional too
So you imagine that on the day of
Tomorrow I have a television program
They put a program on me so that I
I interviewed and such I will be with
people I don't like are worth it
the problem is not that the problem is not that
You have to be professional and you
you have to behave if you are a
presenter a presenter if you are a
streamer a streamer if you are or that is
That's being professional. To a certain extent.
Up to there I see it well, I don't see it as false.
The problem is that there are people and this
I have said it a lot of times and they
they know it, that is to say, everyone who is there
saying this kind of things is because
You know many stories like the ones I know
The problem is that there are people there who
They have too strong problems between them
they
very personal problems And then you
you see them and then you see them
Oh hijiji I'm going to put a bomb in your
home
Well, I steal a carrot from you and these are things
that don't fit are things that don't fit me
I've always said it with me, he doesn't speak
who doesn't want to talk, that is, I can
solve things with anyone with
any of the people with whom
I have some kind of disagreement
with anyone but one thing is
cordiality and another thing is that you
you see
in a little game stealing a carrot
Okay
I mean, there are some on the internet with the
that I can pick up, talk, and say, Hey
We are going to avoid these problems because
In the end we are complicating our lives
both and it is neither good for you nor
Well for me we're going to go for this one.
side I on the other side and
That's it, we forget about each other and
if we meet in a place even
with wismichu come on of course but there is good
bug would have to pray Yes for example
the crime he has committed but well
could speak could speak for
of course if in the end it is a
person that I don't care about either, you know.
could speak man has a crime that
has committed that has violated something
strong but good with anyone
Anyone can talk to me
anyone I'm good people Now there are
some people with whom one thing is
that you speak and meet at an event
and say good afternoon or you
you find yourself in a series and follow the joke
and be professional
But there are some that you're not going to tell me about.
watch recording an episode in Minecraft
but when I meet in a place
With him, I will say good afternoon.
but I'll try to go to the other side
Okay, so these people are not these people.
some that you see them doing
things that people clearly don't understand
To what extent are they false?
People don't understand how high their level is.
false
because they don't know the stories that exist
behind the truth, pay attention to me, pay attention to me
fabric case
sailor cloth but you the cloth cloth
sailor
that you know, I mean, I think it's not
no secret people always level of
karch but it's not that the carchi thing has already happened
It may have been very shameless, but oh well, it is.
Look, they want it clearer.
and there are times when the public doesn't like it
I understand, okay
There are times when the public doesn't like it
I understand
I understand that there are times when a
person has a conflict with others
fight one loses followers loses a thousand
followers here lose another 500 there
but at the moment that
the cartridges thing comes out
and you see that you carches
first has a clip from a few months ago
saying I am that auron I am so
grateful I would do anything
for auron until the end I would go to
any series to whatever invites me
to Euro in I will go as if doing a
Please No that's impressive no and then
precisely one week before the funa
There was a live show that I don't know
will forget Well in fact I think that in the
video I made to canchas last thing
I put no
a live broadcast in which he said
I
If I had to suck his penis
Auron sucked it
It's normal, not just anyone would do it. Not one.
person who has given you what he has
Who wouldn't suck it now, or rather what?
He said like this. So I already said it there.
let's see me
Personally it is no secret that
I love Auron as a character.
Internet is then worth out part in its
moved Well there will be things that have me
liked others that not so much or one that
I agree, other than a thousand things
Ok, but as a reference for me
I've always loved youtuber but it's
which is no secret but not as
that I say it now So that he invites me
to skiing as many people say, no,
It's like you've been gone a month
But not for him, it's for another reason, okay?
but I wouldn't suck his penis
I mean, I can flatter him in a
At any given time I can tell you something that
I like to flatter a lot And such But
What Carcha said there was very
different not to flatter a person
that Carcha said and in that live that
we saw here was
that he would suck his penis. So that's it
It would be like Auro's little slave because
Of course he knows that literally what he has
by auron uncle is that what I don't know what
level I wouldn't know how to calculate what money
can win karchers
but let him win Karts quietly
Ten thousand turkeys a month I don't know or 20 No
I know, I have no idea, I know why
example there are some who have come together
with Auron and for joining with Auron
They now have a salary of 40 to
50,000 euros easily
like Agus with gref Yes more or less but
no more because they are charging more than
August knows but not that I would suck his [ __ ]
[ __ ] to auron because my work has
depending on Auron, I've already seen it there.
that was like a
as if I saw a person
Oh, how is the word
as a slave not as Oh no no
I knew how to tell you the word, I can't get it out
word
interested agreement climb something like that is worth it
a mix of all that is worth a mix
All of that is worth it And now it comes out
a cover
and you don't even go
Ask for a kiss because it wasn't even
it wasn't even
to talk to auron auron How are you what
is this what has come out that the other one that has
He did not come out, he went to the days when he had already
He began to lose followers
because in a live broadcast he said that it didn't stay
never forgotten, made live
said
Auron and Beijing have not changed
They deserve the jey they have is worth a
comment in the chat a single opponent
He said he didn't agree. That is.
who thought the opposite is worth it
and that if things continued like this,
disassociated himself from the teams for the cover
this that they were doing to him with the
minor
and the bride and the bride saying that the
funa was real that the victim believed and that
what more proof did he need there?
What more proof did he need and no
what more tests did he need to go to if
Yeah
damn what did you want a Twitter?
literally tell you a message where
literally tell you that he likes them
14 year old girls, that is, look at the level
I don't know if he did it there anymore.
because there are two options here
iridium Thank you very much Here are two
there are no more options
Okay here is the option that I know of
that he really can't have
absolutely not at all auron
and in fact I have a grudge against him and I give him
courage to have to depend on him and has
seen the opportune moment to put it in
the ax blow and thus keep the maximum
possible
either
let it be for the bride
that he is as much a Cook as the other one that I am
I know that what the girlfriend says is what he
does
for fear of losing her because he in
reality is afraid of losing that one
girlfriend already explained it yesterday Dallas no
and I think that I think it's more because of the
girlfriend who climbs it
Javi what you if you already tesa Of course to me
Exactly the same thing happened, very good colleague
colleague Until he saw the moment of a
point at which you could stay with
the fat
You should be ashamed of yourself for going to the
teams but they are people who do not
they are ashamed
They are people who have no shame
But we just saw that they are
bad people putting that here for me
to close my Twitch channel
they are bad people
They are bad people, maur. Thanks, Aviva.
gossip
Mauro, a hug. I'm sending you a subscription.
everyone to the Maur Channel of Salsito are
bad people
dependency is not afraid of losing the
girlfriend I have it very clear it is a Cook
But what am I telling you? Okay.
you have been seen as a fake
the plumber and it has gone wrong because
In the end, the funa has been dismantled
[ __ ] [ __ ] auron When I get back I'm going to
become number one again
without more there are things of auron
that to me Pichi pissed or rather in plan for
My defense has been very Pichi picha
But because from my perspective I am
more guerrilla and I would have taken it
in another way or that is, I that video that made
very weak very such knows But well I
I'm waiting to see how Auron acts.
Okay, I understand that he has an image
that he has his businesses that he has
you know But oh well Pichi picha Pichi
dick will hurt me auron if when
come back keep playing with some don't you
hit the touch some in the end okay
It will be very lukewarm to me you tell me
It will disappoint you, I understand, I will understand.
because in the end I understand that he doesn't have
the same thing the first thing is that he is not the same
that I then each one of us is like
we are we cannot force another to be
like you
I understand that it has its brand and such But
It's that I have things that no matter how much
You have your image and such. It can't be either.
[Music]
a lukewarm would be the word, that's already
It wouldn't even be lukewarm on that day to leave you
[ __ ] let you trample or whatever
unless he doesn't continue playing with some or
that gives him a touch one
exhibition some will do it man
I think so, but well, we'll see.
but
that you take
and go with all your balls
you and your girlfriend
that your girlfriend is going
because he is with you
man
It seems to me and you don't care
nothing but money and fame uncle O
it seems to me
That's from people who don't care
who have no minimum of shame
So they only care about fame.
and the money yes yes it is that with the thing of the
10 million is already super clear too
No
Let's see, let's see if you from the first
moment you have defended the victim and you
you have put against your colleague
that you have the most followers
Now you're going to have the balls to go to
your uncle project
You're going to have the balls to do it to yourselves.
that nothing has happened
and go to the projects
Man please It's that
[ __ ], it's from shameless people
It's that you have no shame at all
Damn, well, you, I know, in his place, no
tremendous leaves the caches that are left
dominate by the house partners on duty XD
Hey
Wolverine a kiss You're in my Victor
Wall Street Soviet I don't know if it's Victor or
Wall is not Wall Street Wolverine No
Man, dude, it seems to me like someone from no people
have and why they invite them not because
They were invited before and because
then it is not good to disinhibit
uninvite No but man [ __ ]
man
that you go to the squid games
man, there must be calamari there
people without beginning but not without
beginning to see maintain maintain your
position
maintain your position that
Don't you think it's right that you believe in the
victim of whatever
But don't go
no no no no no no but it's that they don't
It matters, do you know why they don't care?
because they have no shame and they are some
climbers
They have no shame and they are the climbers
because they haven't even come out to ask
sorry in neither of the two because
still you say Well they have come out to
ask for forgiveness and they will go to the games of the
squid and then you can say Okay
because they have asked for forgiveness to go to the
squid games or not, that would be another
debate but no no no no no no no no no
No no no they haven't even asked for forgiveness
They haven't even asked for forgiveness
a
silent
and he has denied what he has said he has denied it
because he has denied it
who says that it was not going to happen for now
She said like when she denied to me that
The Twins were after me and the other one was a pimp.
in a String the other as a pimp in a
String
clown that you have become a clown
that I have already spoken with Auron you have not
spoken Mauro you have sent her a
message when you have seen the world
on
You should have talked to Aurora
Not now when you've lost yourself when
you have five or six thousand followers
lost you should have talked to
auron the same day that I spoke that no
I am his friend, you know when Claudio a
kiss
You know when I spoke with Auron and with
Beijing I don't have to say it, you know.
when I spoke to them
before touching the subject for
really ask them how things were
situation And what happened and how were they
very simple
is public
the next morning
that Sara came out in the afternoon saying
Jeremy's mother's thing
in the morning Hey Sara what is this
what have you said what have you not said
and they already called me They already started to tell me
I don't know what the two of them are anymore
and we already talked to Isa because it turned out that
The other kid was still asleep.
kid who did the interview was
My follower, we already did all that stuff.
where were you carches You nothing more than
you're so cool, dude
You're just here to spend the day
cap
there I was
point number one
to find the truth and to be my
work because it is a topic that
obviously I had to play
If they had told me Javi please No
If you were to address this issue, I would have felt it
a lot but it was a topic that had to be discussed
try And what did I do talk to it that
what was happening was what had been said what
It's what it is, it's what it is, Hey
It turns out this kid is my
follower I'm going to talk to him I'm talking to
Itaisa called and she did my work okay
Knowing
that the squid games were not there
I already knew a month before that I wouldn't
There were the squid games without
no interest rate colleague
without any interest
and you
and your mask
You already knew I was in the game.
squid and you weren't interested in worrying
by your colleague
because you already knew you were in the game
of the squid just as I knew that it was not
You knew that if you were
Don't go to the squid game, man.
At least for having a little bit of
embarrassed but you know why it gives him
maybe because they don't care because they are the ones
and apart from that you see them there and the attitude that
They have Twitter and they are bad people and
apart
They are going to go to the squid game
and there will be a percentage of people who
start following them so they know you
root of the squid game and that
and?
and they don't know what they've done then
Well, what will remain for the people who
He knows it in the shameless story
Ok Yes but for people who don't
know that you will grow
And they haven't even apologized.
Uncle didn't even apologize at least
play the role
play the role At least Oh me
I was wrong I was wrong What a liar she is
Girl, I was wrong, Auron. Sorry, Auron.
really [ __ ] but it's just that
everything that the woman said has been considered valid
girl that Auron knew the age of the minor
that he liked a 14-year-old girl
that have not changed and deserved that
they had
And now you
today is the 24th
Today the 24th, two days ago
Two days ago we collected all the
salary for us we collect on the 21st
Well, three days ago you collected the
Two of the Followers you have of
auronplay takes and next month the
Squid Game
rich rich as it enters
and to hesitate
I create a fake account on onlyfans and
I'm meeting Auron and Dalas on the way.
No
to hesitate
I am you have found an auronplay I
I'm Auronplay, I'll kill them all.
They don't deserve even one follower
on the part of auronplay uncle everything that
have won on the part of auronplay no
They deserve not one, man.
and they will be tortillaland with all their
eggs man there I tell you eh yes auron
allows you to be in an omelet
there I tell you
there I will say listen to me Auron
You deserve what happens to you because this is
like the Cristofer east of the island of the
temptations when you cheat
once Poor thing or you put it on
second [ __ ] for success kid that has
fallen again forgive him again they have
already put on when you put it on the third time
you are a little Read it But when you
You put it in fifth place and screw you.
then you put it on the fifth one and screw you
some conversations have come out of
This girl
telling Dallas to call that it is that
It makes me laugh a lot because in the
conversations that
in the conversations that
that Dallas publishes in the combination
with Dallas she has
supernormalized what he is telling you
as if I weren't telling you something
barbarity or rather
I defend you, I am on your side
and I know who the ones who organize the
things against you falsely but you
I defend just enough to avoid looking for me
problems in collaborating with them
Amelia a kiss
I mean, it's incredible that a
person tells you that in that way you know
It's not even that you come to Violiveira and
Let Dallas come and give you a click
where this is noticeable where no no no no no
no no no no
It's not that he's telling you in a way
literal
that I am on your side
that I like you so much that I have realized
realize who are the ones who move the
threads against you
mass
and I defend you but
carefully because I don't want problems
and take away my collaborations with
they
is that he tells you literally
How can that person have followers?
even if it were one
but even if it were one
I don't understand it I don't understand it and for me
short with siphon I'm going to see it today
that what Juan has said but
that Juan and Ari have not spoken out
ibai hasn't said a word either, uncle.
wow, what a fabric
Well, we are here for the good and nothing more.
to be like that
there are those of us who have been in bad times and
things are done without doing anything good
I'm going to say it because things are done
so as not to throw it in her face
He drops it but Twitch is a
little world do not enter the Twitter of the
nugendirecto is posting nudes
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time
existing a cold If you it
you want very disgusting okay very disgusting
but that at levels I think you know a
1% how disgusting it is to me then
of course you tell me
Hey, why don't you come to the Slavs?
She's not going to Ral, not even crazy.
I didn't want to tell you before, not even if I was crazy, but
I'll tell you now the answer: Not a chance.
that you do not come to the Slav that is not going to
Ral Not a chance
I didn't want to tell you before, not even if I was crazy, but
I'm telling you now the answer is no
Hahaha It's that we are a Team that
Likewise, we always go together
Equally everywhere no because
Well in the end we both worked
we are dedicated to the same thing but
And with that I think I tell you everything.
Many things have hurt and it is true
that many things have hurt me that I have
seen by people who didn't expect it
absolutely because I had enough of them
esteem I do not consider friendship we are not
friends but there is some esteem there was
rather there was now there is nothing But
There was esteem and there are things that have made me
hurt and I sincerely feel sorry for those people
I will never say that they stay
Calm down Suso, you can really go.
[ __ ] and eat my balls until the
ass crack and goes and didn't even receive one
Congratulations from auron when
won a slam ibai can take a prize
that Greg invented and made of cardboard
to promote themselves and to do
content and can be eaten with
butter if you want you are me
comparing that to being loved
you can label me a pedophile, dude.
eat the [ __ ] and give him little bites, uncle
I hope you're 10 because if not
You know I hope you're 10, dude.
because I've seen a lot of people saying that
You can put your [ __ ] asses in the
[ __ ] ass that is an award invented by
grefg and it's a grefg video it's nothing
official nor is it anything important in life
It's okay Congratulations to those who have done it
cattle is worth
It's okay, it's okay, it's laughter
Congratulations to whoever beat him but
man who tries to compare that to me
with which they want to destroy you, the [ __ ]
11-year career and not the [ __ ] career
It is literally life
[ __ ] off
Go to hell
It's not time for you to be here
connected
batteries I'm never going to talk about them no
I'm going to mention them, they're not going to be
mention on my channel I'm not going to form
part of any type of harassment towards
them because for me it is literally
There is a Shadow Band for these
people in life, that is, for me no
They already exist OK so how does it not exist and
Don't worry about me because I don't worry about you.
I'm not going to cause any problems, okay? Yes, yes.
That's what it is, but I know there are people. Well, that
It will be a bit to see what she will say
Today I am not coming here to charge against
Nobody comes here to apologize and
be with my community and a few more guys
really for one thing and that is the people who
to the best of my community that there is
decided to leave, I respect him, I support him
totally But I don't want it to be that
typical of Now I'm leaving because in the whole
world says it's bad and then I want
come back if you have been I don't want that
come back if you're not going to be in my bad times
moments I don't want you to be in my
good times This is something that I
I mean, right now, okay. Because yes,
There are people who say that whatever it is,
may have come from my community but guys from
true I mean you know how I am that
I always forgive and nothing happens in front of
everything, that is, I have forgiven even the thing about the
moderators those who made me the
the biggest [ __ ] of the century is worth it or so
I forgive practically everything because for
There are very few things in this
life that are unforgivable but no longer
more So in this aspect if this has
been this time I don't want it to come back
I don't know if it's the real one but a kiss
we are always all I don't know if it is the De
true my santi has recovered your
channels already or what
wow, wow, what a taste
Javi don't get upset even if you have
If we are going to see, I don't know what I'm doing.
I find out that you are giving me some nonsense
many times I don't need more patience
I can have
I mean, I have all the patience of the
world but I'm going is that there is the
level of has stolen a carrot from me in
Minecraft
It's the level that he stole one from me
carrot in Minecraft you tell me what
You compare me to what I was going to be, man, don't you?
touch the dick, man, I understand
that I understand that you can take and
that I understand is not the same
because of course it is not the same and it
I've been saying these past few days no
It's the same as if he didn't say anything.
that he has taken the position of not saying anything
to the one who is like the two false ones
fact that they have directly gone against
It's not the same but man in those
moments
A few words from Ari Gameplay would have been helpful.
entered rich rich eh a few words
Ari's Gameplay with the influence that
has and the power it has
would have entered
they would have come cool cool
It is a prize to satisfy the ego of
its Creator good content if not
There is nothing wrong with awards either.
Greg's are grefg's awards but oh well
Let's see, man, at this moment what
we are talking about something else
man, a few words of ibai in that
moment
would have been powerful
a few words from Ibai at that moment
oh well
problem will be bad you know Itzel what you
I was saying to you that it seems that I am saying it to you
you that that no that I love you very much and
Thank you so much for being here
here always be from the first
You never know what you have until you
missing because why the hell why
My VIPs' noses are always cut from
the first Stream I don't know Someone me
Can you tell me why this happens to me? Thank you.
I don't understand why I think I'm the only one
streamer who gets his bits cut off I don't know
I know you never know what you have until
What are you missing? I hope you feel better.
I love you very much and thank you very much for everything
those days of live while I do
homework And as always you could send me
Hello, my name is Maria Maria,
Greetings of course. Thanks for stopping by.
I truly feel a lot here
the absence of these days but as already
I tell you
mentally I am a Carousel worth a
Carousel of emotions and I wanted that is
Even Steff can tell you that. Steve le
I said I'm going to bring you back to the day I'm going to come back
This is going to come back, I wanted to make a video.
upload it is that no I could not I mean I did not
I could, I mean, no way
Well, I'm going to leave the truth here.
that I get involved is fine, it is fine, it is
well it's well what I married is already valid
He no longer speaks about the subject because he is already
topic is over or rather like
chimpn as Javi Oliveira would say No
Javier is a great hunter, okay?
in another order of things
dude, I don't know if he has deleted it
video now
I don't know if he has already deleted the video
dude, let's see if it's true that in
First of all we would have to see
First of all we would have to see and
I'm going to leave responding to the drone.
for tomorrow
Ok, but first of all we would have to
see
the thing about
what Jordi Wild said about it
we would have to see what Jordi said
Wilde where is it I don't see it places it
what Jordi said about the tiparraco issue
because he is a tough guy. The other day the
he made a real mess
In the end I don't know what Diparraco has taken
with a lot of repercussion, don't you guys
I see it as so important. I see it as
It's up to the top and not until one night
crazy
One crazy summer night I don't see the thing about
Jordi place where Jordi's place is
It would be good to see Jordi's thing first.
to see later what he said
dude today because he uploaded a video
has uploaded a really cool video
Let's see what Jordi's doing. Thank you very much.
let's see it
has uploaded a video in fact that goes
deleting is okay in fact it is going
deleting because the guy is very
take it and delete it and delete your videos
the twee in the end of tiparaco No, in fact
the bastard, look, he is a scoundrel
who's talking to me today on WhatsApp, dude.
and he tells me
I just uploaded a video on YouTube for you.
I say before deleting it
just as we have said that we must be
bastard
dude Okay, here I get serious
I got very angry with him, he got very angry
This is the second time he messed things up like that with me.
A water party made a lot of trouble years ago
also
Yes man but in a way
You give it so much importance
I don't know, in the end I was really tired and I
very past that is clear
but it was as if in response to the
barbarities that were there being David
Suarez and entered the game and
within the content no
within the content to see if you tell me
that had that at a wedding while
A wedding is being broadcast but let's see
to do that to you while David is there
Surez saying that
No
Let's see, I'm seeing that most of you say
that no, Mao doesn't suit him. Well,
normal
It's ugly Javi, an important event is the
first of many already but if it is that
the end was in the context of the moment
of the jokes and that doesn't interest me
It seemed like that much, huh?
let's see, obviously, shame on you.
I'm not saying that it was embarrassing
gave but as to get angry to see him
you tap
but there are two ciparracs
normal guy is a great guy
nice He is pleasant he is cordial he is a
awesome guy awesome guy who
you would have a very pleasant coffee and on top of that
drunk is a demon You know there is
people who need alcohol as a [ __ ]
Mother Nacho you know kisses there is Happy and there
people who feel terrible about him feel bad
fatal the bad thing is that he is already a repeat offender
many and I had doubts and I wanted them to
was there because I like him and because he
I have appreciation even though I was here
I really appreciate the tertuliano, but
I told him the first thing I did when I
I saw it was Hey Control Yourself the first thing I didn't even mention
I greeted and said, Control yourself because I'm sorry.
It smelled but I wanted to give it a chance
because I believe
I think that many of the times that have
tweeted weird stuff and then backtracked
It was because he would be taking one
beers
and a jerk
It is a Charm normally or so
I really have nothing bad to say
of him alone that I have already said in many
Sometimes I don't like this La Movida
which makes it suddenly explode
write things then erase them
suddenly feels like telling the truth and
means four things about someone
and then you delete them, I don't like that.
very bad here when he did the live
with me
from the rewind on the subject of the rewind
It was very bad, it was very bad, I didn't give it any more
cane because he is a person with whom I
I get along well and besides, I've known her for a long time.
many years but it was very bad it was very bad
bad at giving opportunities, of course, me when
I'm in the monologue, start listening
[ __ ] and I didn't know in what situation
I was thinking that this was it
agreed that David would know each other and that
That was a bit of a performance, I didn't
I could see that they know each other because of
They have also made videos together.
They ask at that moment, Hey, what is it?
What is this and I thought in fact it is
He sees my face and it surprises me because it is
rare No [ __ ] Well if you don't know then
The girl got angry because of the jokes and never leaves.
I will forget Jos Sebas Jos vas is a
crack
I will never forget Jos Vas
when
I don't remember what videos we made I don't remember what videos we made
I agree what videos they were, but they were videos
in which Jordi Wilde did not look good
I think it was because Jordi said some
how many stupid things I don't remember but
They were videos in which I didn't look good
and the bastard with love with love that's it
goes
He sent us messages
claiming credits from us because we had
taken excerpts from one of his live performances
I know what I have moved
It was, I say, the mother who gave birth to him
that he is not writing to me so that I don't
no, he is writing to me so that I can
give credit
and that the secret had been planted by a
poster in
half of the screen
taking away the credits
Hey, even Iker Hitler is quiet.
crying
get out of bed come on get out and Claire don't
Nothing happens, I really love you if it is that
You are all part of what is mine, you Iker
Get out of bed, get in. It's okay, damn it.
Upload iccler, I'll post some nonsense. See.
that I miss a while of that
put some nonsense
It's that here I would have hit myself on the part
From Iker or from Daliveira, well, Jordi. Now.
Would you like to be the channel that is?
Jordi is not into gossip and you said he was.
and I put something out of bed and
Pixie Uncle will have gone bankrupt
hasn't donated for a while
will know ruin or something, let's see you have to
walk nervous also I tell you began to
insult David Surez with the Emworth
all the time but like eight times
there is an eight clip and the ones that maybe
They didn't come out and they were there and I didn't
I understood nothing then I see him again
type when we are doing the
slaps the final that in my Range of
vision appears to me I look at it for a moment
I see him with a beer and already with a face of
past and tells me how he wants
be like the slaps I say no
that is not served by camera or not but it
I have checked with bad oster I say no and
I'm off, I'm off to continue with the show
the last fight was coming
that I wanted to be in the slapping
then when I see it at the end I see it
very past and asks me for hugs because
then there is also the other one that could be the
most affectionate in the typical world of
drunk But I already saw that he was very
past and there they begin to fit me
things I start asking people
I'm not going to say details of how either
It bothered people privately but he did it
and I felt very bad, it made me feel very bad.
David Santo let's go Santos not Surez
Surez annoyed David Surez
visual disturbance
for the people because in the end it is perhaps
partly my fault too because
I should have said no, I don't feel sorry
but it is not true that the next day
He apologized a thousand times and told me
things that I'm not going to tell here but they are
personal things and it stays between us
I accept a part of it but on the other hand
I highly doubt that I will ever be there again
at an event of mine because once you can
fail me and nothing happens, come on, but two
times
no, you don't have to do a thing either
Public ridicule is not necessary either
crucify him He has his thing I think he is
someone who has to do an analysis
very deep of his life and of many
things I don't want
insult him, I don't want you to go after him
I ask you as if it were a hunt
really and for my part there is no such thing
that sense I would like to see the other
event in which he also messed up
see how the level is no or because it
is putting something like [ __ ] that the
event has gone to [ __ ], you know?
what I tell you but let's see
If you have David Surez there doing
jokes that later when you go to
home
You are going to hit your partner
[Music]
let the guy come out and shout the m word
there a couple of a couple of times or eight
I don't know inside I inside the contact
within contact within context
I don't see it as that big a deal, no
Yes, it was ridiculous, it was too much. But
Well, it's like a drunk, there it is, no more
He said he was going to Dubai
but the poor thing doesn't have internet there.
Oh, but I have to give certain
explanations why in an event
my giant paid by me where my
image is there from the first moment
A lot of damage could have been done to me and to me
the end is something that is something of mine
I have to give explanations, I'm going to give you
explain that this of course not
I had no [ __ ] idea and I got on very badly
I got really pissed off and if I had found out in
that moment or when I get out of everything
that they explained to me, I swear I'll give it to you
a cake but I really leave it
dry there and would have given him a slap
very strong because you are complicating things for me
life is something I have worked hard for
much that it is an event and that
he hit him with a slap
No, you're not telling me that it is
metaphorical
A lot of damage could have been done to me and to me
the end is something that is something of mine
I have to give explanations, I'm going to give you
explain that this of course not
I had no [ __ ] idea and I got on very badly
I got really pissed off and if I had found out in
that moment or when I get out of everything
that they explained to me, I swear, I swear
I'm giving a slap but I really do
I left it dry there and I would have given it a
very strong host because
It's metaphorical, it's not my turn to go balls
but I don't know if it's true. Or is it?
I mean, I did it at the school exit
and maybe it is best not to leave the
The Bad Guy at school would hit you
cake because they had fooled you, don't you
I wait for the exit to see
first of all the one to see or from him to
Look, listen to me, hey, man, he has my
age no
I am a piparraco, I no longer speak to
This gentleman
It seems to me that I just No
I know maybe I'm exaggerating, I don't know
He is saying it and it is so normal
as if the solution is to hit it
host left it dry but what are we in
the square
This humiliation hit him hard there
the neighborhood square I don't know
I don't see this as biological.
let's see first of all first of all
what makes her look like a jerk
it doesn't leave you badly
nor in your image
makes the guy look bad
but you are going to hit a person
a host a person
with half or a third of the body that
you have
when you have next to you
to a bunch of people saying stupid things
that were said at that event
Man, I thought Jordi would know.
entered a little bit and had changed a
little but it seems worse to me what
is saying that what
if it seems to me but what is
saying what the guy has done
uncle
You see it as normal, that is, there is some
person here of legal age
that he sees this as normal because to me this
It seems to me that a small square has been made
Remember when I was 15 years old
I fought with one and hit another in the
school gate when leaving or when
we were the Kies no but
let's see
People over 40 don't do it anymore
This no, no, 40, no, 30, no longer.
we do
If I come to know or I that what has
made here was bothered
I mean, the best thing is that there is something that is
escapes us and has bothered someone in
plan
There were women at the event
someone who may have been inconvenienced
bother or something like that is that I do not know what
I'd better miss something
There were women at the event
man who was hit for a cake
a cake to someone
Let's go. Hitting him anyway, I don't think so.
they do not throw
I don't know what you throw away, you take another type of
measurements and so on no but a cake one
host that left a person dry
with a third of your body and not drunk
I know the truth, it doesn't seem to me, it hasn't happened to me
not very well done, dude
I mean, it didn't seem good to me at all, man.
this
Well, that's what security is for.
event if he is drunk then they take him out and
That's where the thing ends for both
drama
You are complicating my life in something that
I have worked hard that it is an event and
that can break because of things like this
Good thing I found out later when I was no longer
I was and such And then if I am asked
sorry, well I have to accept it but
Clearly the opportunities are
limited and I will not say more on the subject
That everything is quite clear, I tell you what
I say don't go to the crusher either
has killed no one but if you love yourself
harming yourself is your problem AND
If you can help, you will be helped, but no
harm others and not me
harm that I have nothing to do with
with your moves and I'm out
harmed when he shouldn't have and he shouldn't
only me, my people who bother me that I
I invite someone with all my love
world and go to be bothered okay This
This is what I wanted to talk about on the subject of
a typical topic that many people tell me
commented
how awful
Too bad I didn't like this kind of thing
comments you already know it, eh always
always
It bothered someone but [ __ ] why bother him?
you want to put a cake to see a lot or
be that I have to tell you that you would have to tell me
Jordi something sudden tomorrow
Jordi would have to tell me something about
suddenly super super super strong
But let's see, the only thing I know is
It happens is something of women or to the pub or to the
Papa Giorgio no
something like that but we're going so you can
you hit a cake or rather me to hit him
a slap to someone
I'm here to hit someone who
let it dry and do something to my
children or my wife I don't know the truth
I don't know
I can't think of an event but I don't know
the truth
Because he always makes reference
does not refer to what has been done
that has bothered off camera no no
he emphasizes
in which it splashes that your event that
your image then I think it does not go by
for something off camera I think it is
He's referring to what we saw, huh?
let's see what we're going to see what has
answered dude okay I don't know if there will be
deleted the video okay because I have already
said before is worth or literally the
dude sent me a WhatsApp and he said
I have uploaded a video on the subject
You'll tell me what you think.
Before I delete it, he also told me
said like that not before they erase it like that
That's good, let's see what it is
what did that guy say
in principle
I wasn't going to make any video about this
topic but I've seen that a lot of
channels are commenting on it and it is
They are saying a lot of things and I
I would like it too because it's like
It has become very viral, eh, I mean, like
They have given a lot of importance to the funa
In fact, one thing I have appreciated
that I hadn't realized
the thing is
in the strata that I have spoken about the subject
has taken as many visits to see
where is the topic
that I got five extras from Ricky
They haven't burst much because I uploaded it
that day 18 video to see listen to me
[Music]
the extracts on tipa
I mean, look
look
This one is 18
but I swear I saw one with like 50,000
I smoke weed, they don't smoke weed for me anymore and no
and no and that doesn't exist no
I literally smoke a joint
Oh no, no, look, look.
this
you see it 50,000 visits this
50 thousand visits like that and in one of
the shorts that go away
let's see if it's at hand
same eh or like look dude
regrets 50,000 views
[Music]
guy loses his temper 180,000
visits, that is, it has been very viral
I mean, I'm giving it a lot of hype.
really I mean I said it like a [ __ ]
coincidence that day or rather because it would be the
typical thing that the same thing happened to him
stop I swear
To chop a little, I summarize very quickly Jordi
set up an event just now in which
There were different very crazy fights in
the one where there were cake fights in which
David Surez performed in the performance of
David Surez which consisted of roasting
everyone who was there and
messed with everyone or at one point in time
that I started yelling [ __ ] at him
[ __ ] repeatedly with
clear symptoms of having Plim Y from
From there, little by little, things have become more complicated.
messing around and it's been like five days
to do six days if they have said
many things and the main topic
I want to try very quickly yes
It is true that there are many times that
When I see myself I get heavy, I can be
impertinent I can say something out of
place but there are also many times that
I don't drink, there are many times when I drink and I don't
nothing happens I am aware of mine and
Hey, everyone has their things and here in
This life is also here to improve
Of course I have done my things wrong
I have my defects I suppose like everyone else
world and little more to add about it
topic Now I want to comment a little on the
that Jordi Wild speaks that I saw yesterday But
Before I want to say that the event that
Jordi rode it was impressive it was a
show cojones everything was very good
mounted Congratulations Jordi because of
true It was incredible everything you did
I agree with what you have commented
I already apologized to him in his
moment and I do it again publicly
the issue of disturbing more guests
From here I also want to say that yes
at some point I got very heavy
unpleasant I said something out of place
I'm also sorry from here if anyone
he is really upset please let me know
contact us and we'll talk about it calmly
I think I remember that there is also no lack of
respect no one and if so please do so
I fully understand that what I have said
Jordi is angry It's logical Also
because all this could have been avoided
I accept my share of the blame, I'm great
grateful that Jordi invited me
I had an amazing time, it was a brutal show
There is only one thing that Jordi says that is not true.
I share and that is what I would have
hit me hard and I would have left
dry and this is just my opinion I am
a person I have never hit in my life
never to anyone equal other forms instead
of using violence are better But
Well, I understand that Jordi could be
annoying
It's true, I don't know, maybe you're just trying to
Maybe there are younger people here than
You see it as logical and normal, okay, that is me.
when I was young and when I was a brat
like, well, let's see, me neither, that is, me
He was too scared to fight, eh, in some way
occasion I have even been left with one
beaten up for not wanting to fight
it has to be something strong
something that makes me feel evil, you know what?
I tell you in the blood and then there
we have a problem but
a slap to a person an assault
and that you say it or be careful that the
Uncle, he emphasizes you a lot, a lot, a lot
It's not that it splashes my image It's not that I
The mess is already the second time that I have it
Lia It's that my image but nevertheless
has completely normalized and has
released as such a normal thing
I'll give him a slap, I'll give him you
I swear, I swear that I would have put it in him
a host
that left him dry Bravo Jordi the most
strong of the square we drink some
liters with the cap like that
your cousin, your cousin, what the [ __ ] is she into?
crazy has become dry but what is this
but the human being, the human being has already
evolved
Things have been getting better for a long time
another way please I don't even know anymore
How many times to say that message
man that you put It's that I the subject
I see violence as fatal to my family.
I only see it as justifiable in things
that I believe that it is not necessary for you to
explain there are cases in which they are
justifiable Yes there are cases in which yes
but very few
and I think they are clear
I mean there are very few cases But the thing is that I
I see him as a kid from the square
So no no no no no no no
I mean, but he said it so normally
He said it so normally
He said it so normally, no, no, I swear
I swear to you, of course I'm imagining it
that has bothered Dad Georgio who has
I didn't see any woman bothered there.
women but well I say maybe
But man, what are we going to see?
which is the strongest to see is the one that
he is right
I mean, I have to be careful because if
I'm wrong about you, you hit me
you hit me
[ __ ] then Dallas is here
criticized
So in the end what he criticized you for
Dallas
I don't remember him saying anything like that.
also against Dallas something so strong no
I want to put the word literal because
I don't remember
But then in the end if it is like that we are
in 2023
He told Dallas something true in the video.
No, that's why we criticize him, no. And of course
it was good it was 2017 2016 Good but it is
that this has been said Now so normal to
see or so what are you telling me apart
It is contradictory
I understand that you see it as terrible but investing
more than 100k in the event organize everything
that job invite a friend and that
This [ __ ] on many guests and that
For being direct with the mward they could
banning the event is not that important either
any nonsense was something serious, well, the
event does not ban you okay in that
context the m World does not ban you in
First place because it wasn't on Twitch
First of all because it was not in
Twitch And secondly Because in that
context you won't get banned
In that context you won't get banned.
Okay, but why has it happened in others?
contexts, that is, it has happened in other
Occasionally it's okay, but I don't care.
So the one who looks bad is a chiparraco
that if the guy is drunk and throws himself
to the ground and [ __ ] and piss themselves
pants because he is very drunk
what looks bad is a guy
and the one who has to be ashamed is
chiparraco but you hit it
host to a person but
but you hit someone
person who leaves it dry
to a person who has
that you have three times his body size and
that on top of that it is that it cannot be maintained
standing but not even if it can be maintained
not even if he has three times the body that
he neither even if he is not drunk nor even if
nothing that doesn't stick
that those are things of the Kan and the
you know but it doesn't stick Well if you see
me that has bothered the man who has
bothered I don't know who has done something
serious Well maybe there I understand one
a slap or maybe a lack of
respect your mother something serious
I don't understand it, I don't understand it
Any person of my age I think is going
civilized I think she will think like me
Hey
I don't think we're talking
I don't think we're exaggerating
eh I played a lot it's true and I also think
that the event went really well for him
Above all I have to apologize to
Jordi to the guests I might have bothered
and of course I had David Surez there
screaming interrupting his show I asked him
He accepted my apologies and told me
I really appreciate it. Then there is a topic of
that I felt offended by the joke
that David did to me and this is not for nothing
It's true that I've known David for a while.
I was in their shows for many years.
done things together and that same joke
The lesbian already did it to me in a video
that we recorded months ago because you seem
a lesbian who is on hormones
At that time there were also more people
yelling at him and saying things to him what
The thing is, I shouted louder than the others.
I lost my temper at that moment.
I thought that was a good idea and little
more on the subject of David this to him already
I have told you this many times to myself
Personally, I think it is one of the
best comedians currently in
Spain and on the other hand I want to talk about the
public ridicule all the insults
threats and harassment that I have received that
I also think it should be counted no
I understand very well the relationship that has
there has been between the vitality of this fact
and what happened I really don't understand
I can really understand that maybe it is
for the memes, for the laughs and that
the end has become a snowball
giant and what happened to me happened
I'm not used to falling
Such hatred has never occurred to me in my life.
something like this happened and there have been a few days
that I've had a pretty bad time, I don't
I'm used to this, I think no one
is used to it
came out or so many uncles
I got so much or something like that
an impressive thing they even leaked
my number and I was receiving WhatsApp and
calls and I have also received messages
of this type
for so much guy I didn't give it seriously or
be me the other day when we saw him not
give the greatest importance
I don't know if you see it as such a big deal.
and this is what I thought was worse than
Jordi, what he does really is
serious cases have already been seen that have not
finished very well then there is the issue of
that if I am a homophobe that this is good for me
There have already been cases that have not been completed
very well I have a trial within no
I know if it's a month and a bit or two I have a
trial for one I reported And on top of that
the unknown YouTube shot that I
put something more or less to see strong I don't
I agree now with the literal words
but he put it on me and also took care of
that it comes to me privately in case it doesn't
I had read in public, you know, that is, this
what But in what In what in what population
we live
the latan or what is a joke is a joke is
Joke is a joke I already wanted to generate a
Click to have me reported but I think that
I think there are already enough me today
It seems absurd to even comment on it because
I said [ __ ]. How could it have been?
son of a [ __ ] [ __ ] or whatever is that
It seems absurd to me to even comment on it.
also seen that many creators of
content have commented I understand that
ride the wave and give your opinion for the sake of giving it without
know each other's personal life because
Hey, everyone does what they want on the Internet.
I want and I also want to thank
all those colleagues who have supported me
to all those people who have been there
and there is little more I have to add
I hope you are all very well.
Let's see, I want the part of mainly
annoying please contact me and I will
We talked calmly, I think I remember.
that does not disrespect anyone and
If so, please tell me what to do
look at what this guy is saying
I seem to remember that there is also no lack of
respect for anyone, that is, if there really is
spoken with Jordi Ya the day after
Do you know if he really spoke to Jordi?
Later on
He would now be aware of it
that it was so serious that he had done
said I totally understand that Jordi is
angry It's logical Also because everything
This could have been avoided, I agree.
my part of the blame I am super grateful for
because Jordi invited me I had a great time
incredible it was a brutal show there is only
One thing Jordi says that I don't agree with
and it's that I had hit one
host and would have left me dry and this
It's just my opinion. I am a person.
that in my life I have never hit anyone
also other ways instead of using the
violence are better But oh well
I understand that Jordi may be upset.
There was a lot at stake, it's true, and I also believe
that the event went really well for him
Above all, I have to ask for Jordi to come in.
to the payments like a gentleman the truth
before such a thing
the truth
Well, very well. Yes, yes. Answer very well.
the answer is very good
My son, be careful next time.
I'm going to go, okay, I don't know what topics I
let
What do you send me? I will do it. I don't know what topics you are sending me.
I'm leaving but I'm already leaving
No
I'm going to take excerpts from this so
I know you can't see where it's going
a is not taking out
the Dallas sentence
saying that it was proven
photo sharing
but he was not condemned because he was not
they were not explicitly asked for
Well, if you didn't ask for them in case they didn't
he asked for them as a puppy
Wismichu's case is even more serious than
of auron since ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
ta ta ta ta ta
Although but like Dallas the same
They accused him of wismichu if he complies with the
presumption of innocence but with auron
No
So you're doing it to defend yourself.
to wismichu
the exchange of images Yes it was something
real and proven puts it there not to
when they read the real sentence
you will see that the girls
the police and the court to the girls
He asked on several occasions for the
conversations and at no time
they wanted to give them
he fell very short with him yes yes he did
short
Oh no King photo exchange
it can be easily done
I say, let's see, send me a photo so
that the security officer puts you in
so he can sign your book
What photo photos can have a
very different context between one and the other
What a photo
is that life is not going to end this
type of people
And also that they are a type of people who
above all they promote
This kind of disgusting thoughts
harmful
false
that
is a being that is a being that is not
should give importance okay
Javi the stories of Auron's brother
I'll see you tomorrow on the news.
Tomorrow when I can't do it anymore, it's better
I'm going to make an array I'm going to make a
array I'm going to make a root I'm getting
getting used to being a stripe with my companions
from Twitch it's worth it
to Uncle South
I'm going to see if the radio works today.
This could have been avoided, I agree.
my part of the blame I'm super
what are you sending me?
Ah, I already read the Vegeta thing, but that's it.
for news places
for newscasts perfect places that
that you sent me about Vegeta and the
Auron's brother for newscast because
I'm leaving, I'm leaving, I'm leaving, no more
I can do more, I'm leaving now
let's see, let's give a slap
This is true, dude, I didn't say it and it's great.
important and it was super important dude
Let's see and this is just my opinion I am
a person I have never hit in my life
never to anyone equal other forms instead
of using violence are better But
Well, I understand that I'm annoying. It's true.
Above all I have to apologize to
Jordi to the guests I might have bothered
and of course I was there with David Surez
screaming interrupting his show I asked him
He accepted my apologies and told me
I really appreciate it. Then there is a topic of
that I felt offended by the joke
that David did to me and this is not for nothing
I've known David for a long time.
years I was in your shows we have done
things together seemed very strange that
guy gets offended by making a joke
Surez More than anything because he is a man
a section
which particularly does not stray far from
what David does
and that same joke about the lesbian already
He did it to me in a video we recorded a while ago.
months why do you look like a lesbian Ah
look, I had already done it, I had already done it
made the joke
a hug it's true I didn't know I had
made the same joke you had made
the same joke Thank you very much Javi for
the root Thank you very much welcome
All the young people, how are you?
You caught us here watching